Reference: returns a 0 - based depth within the object graph of the current object being serialized .
Candidate: get the number of the month .
Reference: checks whether the scheme alters the training dataset during building . if the scheme needs to modify the data it should take a copy of the training data . currently
Candidate: checks whether the scheme alters the given dataset .
Reference: compute the union size of two bitsets .
Candidate: compute the size of two bitsets .
Reference: tests local candidates with remote version in the middle on key2 .
Candidate: test keys 2 keys in reverse order .
Reference: actions to perform when the user has closed the dialog with the ok button .
Candidate: construct a context store
Reference: prints out the classifier .
Candidate: returns a string representation of the format .
Reference: returns a new sector whose angles are the extremes of the this sector and another . the new sector ' s minimum latitude and longitude will be the minimum of
Candidate: returns a new sector whose angles are the extremes of the another sector . the minimum sector ' s latitude and longitude
Reference: checks if is double values are equal .
Candidate: determines if the given value is a valid value .
Reference: integer value of a positive bigdecimal
Candidate: integer value of a negative bigdecimal
Reference: main recursive method to examine the directory hierarchy .
Candidate: main recursive method to examine the directory hierarchy .
Reference: get a sorted array containing all column values for a given tuple iterator and field .
Candidate: get a sorted array containing all values for the given tuple iterator .
Reference: divide with invalid rounding mode
Candidate: divide : rounding mode is round_ceiling , result is positive
Reference: receives notification of a change to the plot ' s dataset . < p > the axis ranges are updated if necessary .
Candidate: updates the range of the dataset . note that this that can be called in the range of the other changes .
Reference: invoke the onscheduler ( ) in ischeduler directly as a library
Candidate: schedule the provided block for the provided .
Reference: returns true if specified type is java . lang . string
Candidate: convenience method to check if a reference is a reference , or null , or reference is a reference to a stringbuilder .
Reference: api method . returns an entry for the source indexed by the user and the url . this method creates it if it didn ' t already exist .
Candidate: this an one of another .
Reference: validates the given sql statement where its position in the list of statement is the given index . this method does not validate sql syntax .
Candidate: validate the given property table .
Reference: converts to object array .
Candidate: converts to object array .
Reference: is this logger instance enabled for the finest level ?
Candidate: returns true if we ' re - level space to the log level .
Reference: remove an used up missile from an attacking player .
Candidate: checks if the user has changed dns changes . the default players synapses hasn ' t been signed .
Reference: creates a new matcher for running coap over tcp .
Candidate: creates a new matcher matcher .
Reference: recursively does the work
Candidate: find the first level level if we find the level that compute level if there is locals and compute the level that compute level for the cross - level level
Reference: ask to the user for retyping the pass code just entered before saving it as the current pass code .
Candidate: pass the entered to the screen .
Reference: rolls back the worker thread creation . - removes worker from workers , if present - decrements worker count - rechecks for termination , in case the existence of this
Candidate: rolls worker decrements worker to worker creation worker worker worker worker worker worker worker , removes the worker worker decrements worker decrements the worker count of the rechecks for termination
Reference: insertfunctionalitytest # testinsert4 ( ) . tests insert . . . select with expressions in select query
Candidate: insertfunctionalitytest # testinsert4 ( ) .
Reference: writes one entry to the local id map on disk .
Candidate: writes the object to the file .
Reference: receive notification of the end of an element .
Candidate: receive notification of the end of an element .
Reference: send a fatal error log message
Candidate: send a fatal error log message
Reference: leaves can be used for many - to - many relations
Candidate: according to the layout according according to
Reference: returns a string representation of this vector . < p > note that this string representation shows the bit of index 0 at the leftmost position .
Candidate: returns a string representation of the classifier .
Reference: validate the uri characters within a specific component . the component must be performed after escape encoding . or it doesn ' t include escaped characters . < p >
Candidate: validate this method to validate the provided sort stream and returns true if false if verifying the contents of supported conditions .
Reference: build the final bitmap - pieces to draw in animation
Candidate: pieces to draw a bitmap animation . pieces to pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces
Reference: de - registers a previously - registered virtual - machine shutdown hook .
Candidate: shutdown a hook to a new vm shutdown hook as shutdown shutdown shutdown shutdown shutdown shutdown shutdown shutdown shutdown shutdown .
Reference: a seperate thread collects our input so that we can block in the docontinue on the main thread and then allow the user to interrupt us via keyboard input on
Candidate: accept the thread that listens to listen for the next thread .
Reference: bounds the current scroll if necessary
Candidate: does the scroll if necessary , but does not synchronize the current model .
Reference: adds the statistics encapsulated in the supplied evaluation object into this one . does not perform any checks for compatibility between the supplied evaluation object and this one .
Candidate: points up all points using the points up points ( points and points up up points up points up points points points points points ( points ( points ( points
Reference: scans all sites until all volumes involved in the recoverpoint protection are visible
Candidate: method to manipulate the http request definition .
Reference: this method is called immediately following cache creation in the spawned process , but prior to setting the running flag in the status file . so the spawning process will
Candidate: puts the bean object into the cache .
Reference: update the content of the outline view .
Candidate: registers the restore from the database didn didn have didn didn didn didn didn didn didn didn didn didn didn didn didn didn didn didn didn didn didn didn didn
Reference: paints the image on the window .
Candidate: paints the image on the window .
Reference: returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection with respect to the named event
Candidate: returns true if this , at the time , the object will accept a connection via the named event
Reference: it returns true if the attribute is prefixed ( used the " : " character ) .
Candidate: returns true if the specified name is a legal namespace .
Reference: release a non - shard - specific connection .
Candidate: closes the database connection .
Reference: adds a collection of actions to the quickactionview
Candidate: returns the collection of actions that are connected in the collection .
Reference: adds a simple renderer to the multiple renderer .
Candidate: adds a simple renderer to the multiple renderer .
Reference: copies stream , fires progress events by listener , can be interrupted by listener .
Candidate: copies stream , fires progress events , can be interrupted by listener .
Reference: calculates the needed angle for a given value
Candidate: calculates the needed angle for a given value
Reference: returns a buffer to the pool , throwing away old buffers if the pool would exceed its allotted size .
Candidate: returns a buffer to the pool , throwing away old buffers if the pool would exceed its allotted size .
Reference: creates a new instance .
Candidate: creates a new instance .
Reference: append string of the given charseq to this charseq
Candidate: concatenates all charseqs sequentially concatenated sequentially .
Reference: this method processes all of the http get requests routed to the servlet by the web container . this method loops through the lists of videos that have been sent
Candidate: performs get the http get get get get get get the oldest parameters .
Reference: change the stored state value and do notification , but don ' t change anything in the hardware
Candidate: fires a state of a given state .
Reference: test for getorder ( ) method
Candidate: test for getorder ( ) method
Reference: formats and logs a message with a throwable .
Candidate: formats a throwable with a message
Reference: constructs the redis queue sorted set key name given a queue name , shard id and priority .
Candidate: constructs the redis name for the pinlater queue .
Reference: decodes the string into specified charset
Candidate: returns the string string on the given string .
Reference: adds specified domain name to the list of restricted domains
Candidate: adds the name to to the list list . < p / www .
Reference: create a new read lock from the given lock
Candidate: create a new instance
Reference: tests fail : always returns false , failing statements commented out . feature only partially implemented . missing : test positive case not supported .
Candidate: tests fail : always returns false if missing failing statements commented out feature . feature only partially implemented .
Reference: computes the " interface hash " of the stub / skeleton pair for this remote implementation class . this is the 64 - bit value used to enforce compatibility between
Candidate: removes the " " from the encoded string . the " of the " long , the " of bytes , the real method that can be encoded .
Reference: copy the contents of the given byte array to the given outputstream . leaves the stream open when done .
Candidate: copy the contents of the given byte array to the given outputstream . leaves the output stream .
Reference: returns true whether this page doesn ' t contain items , returns false if it does .
Candidate: indicates if this item is empty items .
Reference: decodes a frame if needed .
Candidate: we should be we should be able to indicate that we should be we should be we should be we should be we should be we should be we should
Reference: encode parts of the message using text compaction as described in iso / iec 15438 : 2001 ( e ) , chapter 4 . 4 . 2 .
Candidate: encode parts of the message using text compaction as described in iso / iec 15438 : 2001 ( e ) , chapter chapter 4 . 4 . 2 .
Reference: check to see if a string is a valid ncname according to [ 4 ] from the xml namespaces 1 . 0 recommendation
Candidate: check to see if a string is a valid ncname according to [ 4 ] from the xml namespaces 1 . 1 recommendation
Reference: appends the specified element to the end of this list .
Candidate: inserts the specified message at the specified position in this list . shifts the element currently at that position ( if any ) and any subsequent elements to the right
Reference: prepare the dataset required for running test cases
Candidate: prepare the dataset required for the dataset .
Reference: returns array of serviceregistrar created from the proxyregset
Candidate: returns a copy of the ' s access of this ' s ' , returns the ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s
Reference: check if the supplied value is a valid value .
Candidate: encode the column into the end of whitespaces
Reference: find a new primary , adding any failed servers we encounter to the excluded servers list first we try to make a backup server the primary , but if run
Candidate: if the given of the the can be the for the given . if the is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is
Reference: creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
Candidate: creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
Reference: removes the recurrence from persistant store .
Candidate: removes the recurrence from persistant store .
Reference: copy nodelist members into this nodelist , adding in document order . if a node is null , don ' t add it .
Candidate: copy nodelist members in this nodelist , in document order .
Reference: fetches data if it hasn ' t been fetched in a while .
Candidate: test if deadtime transit .
Reference: introduced in dom level 2 . < p > < p / > creates an empty documenttype node .
Candidate: attempt to create a new topic by this attempt . synchronization . < br > this will return true if this service is not implemented runs .
Reference: services a commandline request .
Candidate: services a commandline request .
Reference: serializes this nested object into byte [ ]
Candidate: write bytes to byte array .
Reference: returns first enum constant found in at space - separated list of style names .
Candidate: does assumes that the objects are not contain the order that are not already exist .
Reference: scempegnextavcrpau - skip one video frame
Candidate: for a set of one set .
Reference: given a set of exportmask uris , return a map of exportmask uri to exportmask object
Candidate: update all the queries to the the exportmask .
Reference: insert an entry at this index .
Candidate: if the that been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been
Reference: write a graphic to the printout . < p > this was not in the original class , but was added afterwards by kevin dickerson . it is a copy
Candidate: this the graphic by the printout . < p > this method was added by the passed , so it was added .
Reference: put the source tree root node in the document cache . todo : this function needs to be a lot more sophisticated .
Candidate: put the source tree in the cache tree . todo : this function needs to be in lot more sophisticated .
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: copy a input resource to a output resource
Candidate: copy a resource file to a output stream .
Reference: fade audio file sox < path > outfile fade < type > < fadeinlength > < stoptime > < fadeoutlength >
Candidate: convenience method to be dex directory .
Reference: todo : to be implemented
Candidate: paint the specified of the specified . .
Reference: for all the classes , loads all properties from each class annotations for the given platform .
Candidate: load the properties from csvfilepartitioner . properties .
Reference: add a number to zero
Candidate: add zero to zero .
Reference: fixes the gps timestamp in exif .
Candidate: for example : i ' s built - built - e from org . .
Reference: check if a cell consumes the specified event type .
Candidate: answers if the given channel is installed
Reference: read a single character . this method will block until a character is available , an i / o error occurs , or the end of the stream is reached
Candidate: read a single character . this method will block until a character is available , i / o error occurs , or the end of the stream is reached
Reference: this function is used to plot the y axis and its breakdown with value . uses drawline ( ) method to create the y axis and lines to show breakdown
Candidate: this function and creates this function to know the zone and y
Reference: get running - maximum time - delta , in nanoseconds .
Candidate: returns the maximum number of the .
Reference: prints a file with the native desktop printing facility , using the associated application ' s print command .
Candidate: releases the specified file . this method is intended to the the file with the the the pathname does not the current file .
Reference: extends the existing groundings with the alternative groundings
Candidate: end at the end of the end of at at the end .
Reference: this will attempt to read string matching the given pattern from the document at the current point indicated by the cursor . if failed to do so , the method
Candidate: parse the game representation .
Reference: test for bug [ 974036 ] bug in 0 . 8rc1 databasemetadata method gettabletypes ( )
Candidate: init all data from the .
Reference: this method will be used to check whether stream is already present in cache or not for filepath if not present then create it and then add to cache ,
Candidate: this method will not be used to create the filepath to the cache cache if present cache or not present in cache cache
Reference: removes a listener from the set of listeners
Candidate: removes a listener from the set of listeners
Reference: returns what the serialization specification calls " descriptor " given a field signature .
Candidate: returns what the serialization specification specification calls " descriptor " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
Reference: adds an array of parameters to be used in the post request body . logs a warning if the parameters argument is null .
Candidate: allows the parameters to the .
Reference: creates an annotation name from a class name . for example lfoo . bar ; becomes lfoo . bar $ $ ; nb in sun vms the annotation name of
Candidate: returns a new with a specified .
Reference: checks whether a given resource id supports advanced reservations or not .
Candidate: checks if the id cloudresource id exists .
Reference: a service wrapper for the createelectronictextmethod method . forces permissions to be checked .
Candidate: service wrapper for a createelectronictextmethod method . forces permissions to
Reference: ctor - for use to create a pattern expression tree , without pattern child expression .
Candidate: creates a new instance with the given name .
Reference: compute the intersection of two line segments .
Candidate: compute the intersection of two line segments segments .
Reference: method which removes the specified object class from original set and returns the set of object classes that were removed .
Candidate: removes the specified object from the original set of the specified class . returns the original set that were removed .
Reference: get the seconds since 1970 - 01 - 01 00 : 00 : 00 utc . see http : / / dev . mysql . com / doc / refman
Candidate: get the number of seconds .
Reference: is there a pdf license
Candidate: returns true if the key was installed .
Reference: draws the grid background
Candidate: draws the grid background
Reference: opens a stream to an entry in the jar .
Candidate: opens a relative path relative to the specified path .
Reference: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Candidate: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Reference: process the result of copyanduploadcontenturistask
Candidate: shows the operand sends the operand manager sends the operand manager . sends the context manager .
Reference: create the omgraphics using the shape file and spatialindex .
Candidate: draws all spatialindex image . .
Reference: returns common pool queue for a thread that has submitted at least one task .
Candidate: generates a common thread submitted objects for the given thread .
Reference: checks if the given field has package - private visibility
Candidate: checks whether the given attributes exist .
Reference: divide : rounding mode is round_half_up , result is positive ; distance = - 1
Candidate: divide : rounding mode is round_half_up , result is negative ; distance = 1
Reference: helper method . does all the real work for restoremswordlistformatforuser ( ) .
Candidate: test method to a existing business data
Reference: this method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled , either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll . if you
Candidate: this method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled , either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll . if you
Reference: converts all color and format codes
Candidate: decode a string representation of the supplied expression format .
Reference: loads the database from the given input stream .
Candidate: reads the line from the given input stream .
Reference: calculate selector radius the selector radius can be calculated by a simple math calculation of the larger side .
Candidate: calculate the selector selector radius can be calculated by the math . math .
Reference: determines the width of this view
Candidate: determines the width of this view
Reference: test bulk get / put byte [ ] methods .
Candidate: test data comparison for testing .
Reference: an object was added .
Candidate: instantiates the action menu .
Reference: parser for the local phone # .
Candidate: scan forward scan scan for debugging purposes .
Reference: transforms multiple paths will all matrices .
Candidate: transforms multiple paths will all matrices .
Reference: decodes a byte array from base64 format . no blanks or line breaks are allowed within the base64 encoded input data .
Candidate: decodes a byte array from base64 format . no blanks or line breaks are allowed within the base64 encoded input data .
Reference: ensures the truth of an expression involving the state of the calling instance .
Candidate: ensures the truth of an expression involving the state of the calling instance .
Reference: item will slide from top of the screen to its natural position .
Candidate: will slide bottom of the smallest item in the smallest animator . item item item item item item item item item item item item item item item item item item
Reference: construct a new mutablebiginteger with a magnitude equal to the specified mutablebiginteger .
Candidate: calculate gcd of this list b are changed by the computation .
Reference: handle request sent with a wrong binding
Candidate: handle a wrong procedure request .
Reference: loads the checkpoints from the given stream
Candidate: decodes a stream to a stream . it does not consume the
Reference: load from the store .
Candidate: get the store from store store .
Reference: provides a string representation of whether this connection is closed or not
Candidate: returns the result to the database .
Reference: puts the given parameter value into a new list object then adds it to the map .
Candidate: puts the given value into the map . puts puts puts puts puts puts puts puts puts puts puts puts puts puts puts puts puts puts puts puts puts puts
Reference: returns the minimum dimensions needed to lay out the components contained in the specified target container .
Candidate: returns the target within the layout components within the target container .
Reference: a coordinate descent algorithm for l1 - loss and l2 - loss epsilon - svr dual problem min_ \ beta 0 . 5 \ beta ^ t ( q +
Candidate: log the probability of of the probability of the probability of the variables .
Reference: select a view from position in the adapter
Candidate: returns true if the item is in the specified item .
Reference: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Candidate: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Reference: ignorable whitespace . for this method to be called , the document source must have some way of determining that the text containing only whitespace characters should be considered ignorable
Candidate: writes some mode in the mode . the mode .
Reference: get editor for provided file , returns once editor is active or after timeout
Candidate: start the many extractor clock .
Reference: returns the solution with the largest objective value for the given objective .
Candidate: evaluates the population solution values the population population in the population population in the population population .
Reference: returns the y position based on latitude . note that this is based of mercator which will have infinite number of points approaching + / - 90 degrees . so
Candidate: loads how various vocabulary in the left definition .
Reference: registration for event change notifications . only smsnotificationmanager would be calling this method to register itself
Candidate: called to storage storage .
Reference: parses an ascii property list from an input stream .
Candidate: parse an ascii property from the input stream into a list of .
Reference: function to be minimized : - loglikelihood . it * is * assumed that computefibuffer and computecurrentpi were called before this method .
Candidate: resets the matrix to a initializer top of level .
Reference: creates a new instance of grammaticalityestimator , using a given set of documents for training .
Candidate: creates a instance of grammaticalityestimator documents by the training set of documents .
Reference: change this should review zone . java
Candidate: find the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the first row the given string . the first the first "
Reference: verifies that nextpoisson ( mean ) generates an empirical distribution of values consistent with poissondistributionimpl by generating 1000 values , computing a grouped frequency distribution of the observed values and
Candidate: figure out of a small , and a out of a random cell .
Reference: loop and ensure all elements are non - infiite and non - nan , throws an exception if one is
Candidate: check whether the specified range is not to the specified range .
Reference: measure and layout all currently visible children .
Candidate: layout all currently visible .
Reference: processes game events occurring on this connection by dispatching them to any registered gamelistener objects .
Candidate: reads connection from the connection connection and connection .
Reference: gets the percent of values within the specified value range .
Candidate: creates the new instance of the the graphics . the new percentiles .
Reference: closes resource without reporting any error .
Candidate: closes the given given inputstream . quietly does nothing if don t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t
Reference: similar to the releasepagecontext method , but take lucee pagecontext as entry
Candidate: create a processor processor . < p > note : this thread is not null or null , or null if no thread has no parent thread has no thread
Reference: adds a new event listener to this dialog .
Candidate: adds a new event listener to this dialog .
Reference: we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
Candidate: we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
Reference: returns this java string as a null - terminated byte array
Candidate: converts the string string to the string string passwd to passwd to passwd to passwd to passwd to passwd to passwd to passwd to passwd to passwd to passwd to
Reference: atomically load the properties file at the given location within the designated class loader .
Candidate: load the configuration properties from the file . < p / > the application .
Reference: returns true if the object is a graph with the same content .
Candidate: determine whether this object is another object is deemed equal to the same namespace .
Reference: parses a name - value - pair with the given parser .
Candidate: parses the given name with the given parser .
Reference: actions a pull event
Candidate: actions a pull event
Reference: returns the mappingobject at the location in map indicated by loc .
Candidate: a a region of a great object , where the location of the great object is a a region of the a region where the location of the great object
Reference: parse the file to string with the json
Candidate: parses the & lt from & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & &
Reference: find the differences between two texts . simplifies the problem by stripping any common prefix or suffix off the texts before diffing .
Candidate: find the differences between two texts . simplifies the problem by stripping any prefix suffix before the texts . diffing .
Reference: construct a new repository with the given default domain .
Candidate: constructs a new with a specified of a specified string .
Reference: returns the number of unprocessed tokens remaining in the string .
Candidate: returns the number of unprocessed tokens remaining in the string .
Reference: possibly better in ultra low memory environments ? reuses the above method by creating a queue with one element and passes it in .
Candidate: add a pending reply to wait for logging events
Reference: reset all common components before parsing
Candidate: reset all common components before parsing
Reference: updates the label field of the invalidtgt , and if the volume is fronted by a vplex volume , also updates the target vplex volume label .
Candidate: add a target object to the target .
Reference: shows the given errors to the user .
Candidate: displays a given username .
Reference: handle serialization a little bit better , replacing the i18n and beancontextchildsupport .
Candidate: loads the object to the target stream .
Reference: paint the arrow in enabled state .
Candidate: paint the arrow shadow .
Reference: logs a thrown exception .
Candidate: logs the exception exception thrown exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception
Reference: convert a small bigdecimal to biginteger
Candidate: convert a negative bigdecimal to biginteger
Reference: called when the accuracy of the sensor has changed .
Candidate: called when the accuracy of the sensor has changed and the rectangles of areas .
Reference: indicates whether this sub - command will allow unnamed trailing arguments . these will be arguments at the end of the list that are not preceded by either a long
Candidate: indicates whether the forms is able to be able to get the tiles in the .
Reference: setmaxcrlnumber ( biginteger maxcrl ) method testing . tests if crls with any crl number value match the selector in the case of null crlnumber criteria , if specified maxcrl
Candidate: setmaxcrlnumber ( biginteger maxcrl ) compares testing tests if crls with the specified crl number of the crls in the selector of the crlnumber happens if null if the specified
Reference: checks if the given mouse event is a popup trigger and creates a new popup menu if necessary .
Candidate: the menu menu on the popup menu . relying on the context menu .
Reference: remove a task if it has index > = min . if it is active and not being executed by the calling thread , interrupt the thread executing the task
Candidate: cancel any taken from the cancel , so that it should cancel cancel it can return any icon .
Reference: java . math . bigdecimal # divide ( java . math . bigdecimal , java . math . roundingmode ) divide ( bigdecimal , roundingmode )
Candidate: java . math . bigdecimal # divide ( java . math . bigdecimal , java . math . roundingmode ) divide ( bigdecimal , roundingmode )
Reference: ensures that the given path exists with no data , the current acl and no flags
Candidate: compiles all path ' s path files , starting compiles .
Reference: override loadclass so we can checkpackageaccess .
Candidate: resolves a class to the specified class .
Reference: determines the height of this view
Candidate: determines the height of this view
Reference: this only checks clipping along the bottom edge .
Candidate: checks if clipping is realizing , i . e . g .
Reference: creates a new scheduling rule factory for the given workspace
Candidate: creates a new scheduling factory rule from the given workspace .
Reference: writes a byte array to a file creating the file if it does not exist .
Candidate: writes a byte to a file stream . does not exist .
Reference: adds the specified item to the end of the list
Candidate: adds the item to the list list
Reference: checks and flushes custom event messages if no nodes are attempting to join the grid .
Candidate: reset the state to the debug state .
Reference: determines the number of consecutive characters that are encodable using numeric compaction .
Candidate: determines the number of consecutive characters that are encodable using numeric compaction .
Reference: parses the current node and returns the number of elements added .
Candidate: parses the number of elements and returns the number of elements added .
Reference: calculates scramble image height multiplier to respect aspect ratio
Candidate: compute the mqtt multi si , so , also supports " extension , also , also , also , also , also , also , also , also , also
Reference: unit test to verify that limited number of core types do not include type information , even if declared as object . this is only done for types that json
Candidate: test helper method for verifying verifying verifying verifying verifying verifying verifying verifying verifying verifying verifying verifying verifying verifying verifying verifying verifying verifying verifying verifying verifying verifying verifying verifying verifying verifying
Reference: the listener is not closed until after the afterregiondestroy event
Candidate: clears the list of successive banks and accountnumbers for banks which runs that could view view that don ' t have a chance to weapon .
Reference: static version of indexof , to allow repeated calls without needing to re - acquire array each time .
Candidate: static version of indexof , to allow repeated calls to needing to re - acquire array each time .
Reference: populate the profiles combobox and select the default .
Candidate: add an existing event .
Reference: read the file header and return the log sequence number stored in the file header .
Candidate: generate file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file
Reference: absolute value of real component
Candidate: the absolute phase of the component .
Reference: returns the type of the extremum at the specified alpha values .
Candidate: determines the image of the given component . the function must be the opposite of the ' the function .
Reference: returns oid for algname
Candidate: returns oid for algname
Reference: provide reflective behavior to construct instance of generator given an array of string arguments .
Candidate: provide reflective behavior to construct instance of generator given an array of string arguments .
Reference: refills the input buffer .
Candidate: refills the input buffer .
Reference: when there is an inplace editor we " listen " all mouse event and finish editing by any mouse_pressed or mouse_released event . we are acting like yet another glass
Candidate: processes the given mouse process .
Reference: add a module to the set of modules to load and register its services
Candidate: add a module to the modules of modules and load its services
Reference: makes sure that all required binnavi database tables exist . this method tries to find out whether the database is empty or already initialized ( or inconsistent ) .
Candidate: read the information about boot .
Reference: this method classifies several instances at once
Candidate: returns the of of the provided parameter
Reference: bind header with provided viewholder at specified position
Candidate: internal method to update to multipart viewholder .
Reference: updates the displayed list of lines .
Candidate: if modeswitchlistener , the profile mode .
Reference: draws a rectangle of given half width and half height , centered on ( x , y ) .
Candidate: draws a filled rectangle with a given width half height of a rectangle .
Reference: re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
Candidate: re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
Reference: replaces a split element with another one
Candidate: shows the specified multipart project .
Reference: called to start an item list .
Candidate: solution extended logging logging logging .
Reference: pick a number of initial splits based on the number of records expected to be processed .
Candidate: get an optional number of the currently optional ( optional ) .
Reference: invoked when the mouse has been clicked on a component .
Candidate: handles the mouse button .
Reference: scans a single source dir for sources and includes only the files whose name match the patterns in sourceincludes and excludes all files whose names match the patterns in sourceexcludes
Candidate: build the of files and build them to the .
Reference: returns true if there is another postponed route to try .
Candidate: returns true if there is another postponed route to try .
Reference: check if the selection has a single element
Candidate: return if the current selection ' s selection
Reference: constructs a path from an uri
Candidate: create an array of available .
Reference: reads a xml element attribute ans cast it to a int value
Candidate: reads a xml element xml ans cast a int value
Reference: returns the remainder of ' reader ' as a string , closing it when done .
Candidate: returns the remainder of ' reader ' as a string , closing it when done .
Reference: adds the getters for a property that is identified by a property number which indexes into array of getters per type .
Candidate: adds a bean property to a bean bean .
Reference: marks the specified entry as used by setting its last used time to the current time in nanoseconds .
Candidate: add all and their their
Reference: default : just returns " success "
Candidate: returns an unbounded the appropriate identifier .
Reference: handle node leaving the ring . this will happen when a node is decommissioned
Candidate: this picks everything containing it ' s into a ip sequence around . todo : make ' keep normal ' sequence containing the sequence containing the sequence containing the sequence
Reference: registers implementing class of the transform algorithm with algorithmuri
Candidate: implementing implementing fields implementing implementing implementing implementing implementing implementing implementing implementing implementing implementing implementing implementing implementing implementing implementing implementing implementing implementing implementing implementing implementing implementing implementing implementing implementing implementing implementing
Reference: constructs ignite cache key / value persistence settings .
Candidate: extract settings settings settings settings settings settings settings settings settings settings settings settings settings settings settings settings settings settings settings settings settings settings settings settings settings settings settings settings settings
Reference: returns true if the input string contains a word - breaking character .
Candidate: returns true if the given input is a valid explicit symbols .
Reference: checks all pairs of segments for intersections at an interior point of a segment
Candidate: checks a segment of a segment contains a segment vertex within a vertex .
Reference: removes the first occurrence , starting at the beginning and moving towards the end , of the specified object from this vector . all elements with an index bigger than
Candidate: removes the first occurrence at the end of the specified object .
Reference: compose two functions together into a single function
Candidate: add a one of the entity .
Reference: add cdc column specifications .
Candidate: generates a new for the given .
Reference: utility method to convert a variable name into java field name .
Candidate: utility method to convert a binding to a java class name .
Reference: a function that generates random aes & hmac keys and prints out exceptions but doesn ' t throw them since none should be encountered . if they are encountered ,
Candidate: function generates random aes & hmac keys and prints out exceptions but doesn ' t throw since none are encountered encountered .
Reference: ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method .
Candidate: ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method .
Reference: use the parameter sqlitedatabase to execute the passing sqls . subclasses can add their own logic when do the executing job by overriding this method .
Candidate: parse the action on the database .
Reference: creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
Candidate: creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
Reference: refreshes the done button . the label will say the opposite of the player ' s " done " status , indicating that clicking it will reverse the condition .
Candidate: called brings message message message .
Reference: create the basic editor .
Candidate: adds all threads to the group .
Reference: this method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled , either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll . if you
Candidate: this method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled , either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll . if you
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: ensures there is enough space in the buffer for the given number of additional bytes .
Candidate: ensures there is enough space in the buffer for the given number of additional bytes .
Reference: accepts an ipv4 address of the form xxx . xxx . xxx . xxx , ie 192 . 168 . 0 . 1 and returns the corresponding 32 bit integer
Candidate: accepts an ipv4 address of the form xxx . xxx xxx . xxx . xxx . xxx . xxx . xxx . xxx . xxx . xxx . xxx .
Reference: close the given cursor and remove it from the map
Candidate: close the given map and remove it from the given map
Reference: determines if the remaining gser string matches the provided pattern .
Candidate: returns the by the first capturing group .
Reference: push i onto our operand stack
Candidate: generates the integer value to the the function .
Reference: create an xml node with optional attributes and content . the data is indented with 4 spaces if it contains a newline character and the indent parameter is set to
Candidate: returns the formatted matched text according to the syntax .
Reference: adds the specified item to the list with the specified position
Candidate: adds the item to the list list
Reference: notify unsuccessful completion of the operation
Candidate: notify unsuccessful completion of the operation
Reference: transform an xsl - fo streamsource to the specified output format .
Candidate: transform an xsl - fo streamsource to the specified format .
Reference: splits the input string based on the default delimiter , and also escapes delimiter .
Candidate: splits the delimiter of the pattern .
Reference: reads data with blocking . should be used in case when ready method always returns false for your input stream . should be used if we want to to make
Candidate: helper method to reads the contents of an ip address and sends the socket .
Reference: remove an obligation from every state in the stateset .
Candidate: clears the state from the state state .
Reference: set bounds for the right textview including clip padding .
Candidate: set bounds for the right textview including clip padding .
Reference: creates a nes compoundcontent for the given blob information .
Candidate: utility method to create a single byte using the specified byte
Reference: checks , whether all attributes are covered by cluster definitions and returns true in that case .
Candidate: returns the number of the arrays into the . < p / > the are added into the many pairs at the arrays of the arrays .
Reference: search for a string in the enumeration .
Candidate: parse the list of strings .
Reference: returns the first index of elt in the array if < len , else - 1 .
Candidate: returns the index of the given elt in the array .
Reference: add a new value for name
Candidate: add a value to the list .
Reference: compares the argument to this certificate . if both have the same bytes they are assumed to be equal .
Candidate: compares the certificate bytes to this object . if they are equal to the same argument .
Reference: appending the between operator clause .
Candidate: check whether the is not .
Reference: encode a unicode string .
Candidate: direct credentials taken by direct gif credentials .
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: build an occurrence count by value for the given time serie .
Candidate: subtract the range from the gts range bucketized value from the range from the passed in the range . might bucketized will might bucketized might bucketized might bucketized might bucketized
Reference: this function will take a song entry and update it to the latest week and increase the count for the current week by 1 if necessary
Candidate: this function will take the song entry to the latest week and increase by the function it will take the current week .
Reference: recursively assign node weights .
Candidate: recursively assign node weights .
Reference: creates a new instance of searchengine
Candidate: creates a new instance of searchengine
Reference: adds a field to run the query string against .
Candidate: adds a field to the provided fields .
Reference: combines multiple stages by applying a function .
Candidate: takes a element of a boolean value = ordered .
Reference: return a statement that will create the schema , null if no create schema can be given
Candidate: returns the underlying without illegal wrong classifier .
Reference: and for a negative and a positive numbers ; the first is shorter
Candidate: andnot for two positive numbers ; the first is longer .
Reference: create a new manager object .
Candidate: creates a new certificate from the specified color .
Reference: returns the list of sentences in the knowledge base chained together as a single sentence .
Candidate: sentence sentence sentence sentence sentence sentence sentence . sentence sentence sentence sentence sentence sentence sentence sentence sentence sentence sentence sentence sentence sentence sentence sentence sentence sentence sentence sentence sentence sentence
Reference: determine if the expression is a pronoun .
Candidate: determine if the expression is a plural form .
Reference: output the sql type for a java short .
Candidate: output the sql type for a java object .
Reference: breaks a string to multiple strings ( similar to string tokenizer )
Candidate: decode a string to the given string .
Reference: write all modified favorites to the data stream .
Candidate: write all modified favorites to the data stream .
Reference: update the fps counter . < p / > call this method every frame !
Candidate: updates the current state for processing / time processing after the processing should have been received in the main mode .
Reference: validates all fields based on their value and their validationrules if a field is prefilled from the account on file , but it has been altered , it will be
Candidate: gets all errormessagecodes after field field field filled field doing field field . field field field field field field field field field field field field field field field field field
Reference: create an empty state .
Candidate: creates a new instance of factories for the energy purposes .
Reference: note , does not make a defensive copy of any of the data .
Candidate: inner the provided instance by the provided instance and other instance .
Reference: handle a change in the slider by updating the dataset value . this automatically triggers a chart repaint .
Candidate: called when the target of the target of the target state of the target value .
Reference: parse a list of substrings separated by a given delimiter . the delimiter can also appear in substrings ( just double them ) : parsedelimitedstring ( " this | is
Candidate: splits a string name into the given string .
Reference: lays out the panel
Candidate: handles the changes to the panel of the panel .
Reference: returns true if the gui is started and not paused , and false otherwise .
Candidate: returns true if the window is currently running .
Reference: creates a default mosaic definition .
Candidate: creates a default mosaic definition .
Reference: creates a result based on a single relational expression .
Candidate: this method to the a reference to an expression .
Reference: set the default x509 trust manager to an instance of a fake class that trust all certificates , even the self - signed ones .
Candidate: create the sslcontext using the https keystore .
Reference: is the component in need of a form .
Candidate: validate the component component
Reference: adds all internal listeners . currently this just consists of an item listener for the combo - box which switches to the correct " card " for the given probability
Candidate: appends a new contract .
Reference: the " safe " square root of the input value , handling negative values by simply making them positive and then negating the return value .
Candidate: compute the standard normal approximation of the normal distribution .
Reference: runs callable tasks each in separate threads .
Candidate: reads error execution with their error and their error execution execution execution execution execution execution execution execution execution execution execution execution execution execution execution execution execution execution execution execution execution
Reference: appends a character to parser ' s buffer .
Candidate: init ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' '
Reference: sets the provided state manager as the owner for the provided field value .
Candidate: this method will fetch the the associated with the to the select , which does nothing to the share with the to the the user , with the to the
Reference: construct a select statement suitable for use in a group of select statements that will be joined through union operators in buildunionquery .
Candidate: construct a select statement suitable for use in a group of select statements that will be joined through union operators in buildunionquery .
Reference: constructs a node with the given location .
Candidate: creates a new instance of the given node .
Reference: adds an element to the counter or caches it to be added .
Candidate: reset a fresh limit for the log segment .
Reference: reverts the list of files we are passed .
Candidate: delete the last labeled on the file .
Reference: concatenates a list of float arrays into a single array .
Candidate: concatenates a list of arrays into a single array .
Reference: iterator over all values following an occurrence of tag in aline . example : aline = gi | 4444 | gi | 5555 and tag = gi | with return
Candidate: sort a number of number of a number of number of a first number of a less character , or n , or less than delimiter , or less than
Reference: move higher in the tree , beyond even an apparent root of tree .
Candidate: compare the java tree under the parent tree . determine the root roots as the root boundary . the root tree . the root tree .
Reference: returns true if there ' s an associated file .
Candidate: return the file file .
Reference: writes the contents of the internal buffer to the given array starting at the given offset . assumes the array has space to hold count bytes .
Candidate: writes the contents of the byte array .
Reference: dismisses item from the given position .
Candidate: deletes the specified item at the given position .
Reference: calculate a normal probability density function ( pdf ) based on a variance and mean value
Candidate: generate an random value with variance and variance .
Reference: sorts an array of strings , returning a new array with the sorted items . the original array is left untouched .
Candidate: sorts an array of strings , returning an array of the original array is left untouched .
Reference: adds a new zoom listener .
Candidate: adds a new zoom listener .
Reference: initialize ( clear ) the dnode field in register for all registers in this basic block by setting them to null . handles both explicit and implict use / defs
Candidate: this examines all live - samples structures .
Reference: fire when an annotation has been selected .
Candidate: fire when an annotation has been moved .
Reference: updates the prediction stats and return whether prediction is allowed . the policy is : 1 . if the client does not wait more than mdelayms , decline the request
Candidate: wait if prediction is more than mdelayms , decline the request
Reference: authenticates the server evidence message m2 received and saves it only if correct .
Candidate: returns true if the secret has successfully received m1 .
Reference: handles any pure text ( containing no control characters ) in the input stream . called by the superclass .
Candidate: takes an integer - an integer in the single integer .
Reference: remove a service from the registry and / or set of known aliases .
Candidate: removes the given namespace .
Reference: removes each two leading ' \ ' , removes leading $ , removes { } examples : $ qqq - > qqq \ $ qqq - > qqq if dummy
Candidate: load an table column table an table table table table table table table table table table table table table table table table table table table table table table table table
Reference: constructs an escapedwriter around the given writer .
Candidate: constructs a escapedwriter around the given output stream .
Reference: returns true if this cookie has expired .
Candidate: returns true if this cookie has expired cookie .
Reference: records the recordbuilderimpl , and verifies if required
Candidate: updates the data to the output stream .
Reference: compare the method that was called to the intended method when the osxadapter instance was created ( e . g . handleabout , handlequit , handleopenfile , etc . )
Candidate: checks whether the given method is supported .
Reference: remainder of division of two positive numbers
Candidate: tests the step d6 from the knuth algorithm .
Reference: resets the state of this builder .
Candidate: resets the builder .
Reference: \ brief distance ( vec3 a , vec3 b )
Candidate: \ brief : \ \ \ \ \ b \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \
Reference: checks version and ips
Candidate: loads properties from the file stream .
Reference: convert to lower case , and check that all chars are ascii alphanumeric , ' - ' or ' . ' only .
Candidate: find all optional - string in the given string .
Reference: create a negative number from a sign and an array of bytes . the number fits in an integer .
Candidate: create a negative number of a sign and an array of bytes . the number of bytes is 4 . the most significant byte is negative .
Reference: builds and returns a opus comment .
Candidate: helper method to convert a opus comment .
Reference: assert that the property values of a new event and a removed event match the expected insert and removed values .
Candidate: add a objects to a set of .
Reference: returns the number of elements in this set .
Candidate: returns the number of elements in this set .
Reference: safely convert the string to uppercase .
Candidate: converts the given string to the uppercase string .
Reference: iterator over the knowledgeedge ' s representing required edges .
Candidate: computes the edges of edges that the set of edges .
Reference: unlocks the objects acquired from locking . this method should always be in a finally block immediately after the lock . if you try to unlock from another thread ,
Candidate: removes lock lock lock if lock lock lock lock lock lock lock lock lock lock lock lock lock lock lock lock lock lock lock lock lock lock lock lock lock
Reference: creates and returns a string formatted so it will fit in a box suitable for a java doc header .
Candidate: creates a formatted string suitable for a java doc .
Reference: forcenumberstringtotwodigits , this takes a string of digits , and forces it to be two digits long . first any extra leftmost digits are truncated , leaving only the right
Candidate: trim the text of scripts from the scripts .
Reference: adds a named item to the list of items that will be dropped on dead if cleardropitemlist hasn ' t been called first , this will change all creatures of
Candidate: adds the to occur to occur .
Reference: finds jpa entities by their primary keys .
Candidate: finds all alerts created by the given name .
Reference: load workflw and initialize the session attributes .
Candidate: load workflw and initialize the session attributes .
Reference: returns a hashcode value for this certificate from its encoded form .
Candidate: computes the hash code for the hash code . this hash code for the hash code .
Reference: removes the from tags .
Candidate: removes the tags tags .
Reference: verifies the given secp256k1 signature in native code . calling when enabled = = false is undefined ( probably library not loaded )
Candidate: libsecp256k1 randomize - - type .
Reference: recursively delete the webapp directory .
Candidate: recursively delete the webapp directory .
Reference: verifies that the iterator visits the specified objects in some arbitrary ordering and that the iterator is exhausted once all expected objects have been visited . the implementation uses a
Candidate: assert that two objects are equal .
Reference: formats the finished percentage of a rollout group into a string with one digit after comma .
Candidate: if you is available , you is built than the built than the built than the built than the built than the built than the built than the built than
Reference: generates the hostname for a node .
Candidate: release all the resources and the the major .
Reference: transfer all the sequences listed in the supplied file , interpreting entries appropriately .
Candidate: log a column from the file file .
Reference: helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
Candidate: helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
Reference: removes the outermost property from a nested getter expression
Candidate: creates a regular idpp expression .
Reference: if we have all piechart config then there is no point in reloading it
Candidate: if we have all piechart config then there is no point in reloading it
Reference: generates a ( random ) time difference between two events
Candidate: returns the contents of the two parts , returning the same as a random number of the same in the same instance , less in the case of the same
Reference: creates the line structure for the given text . newly created lines are inserted into the line structure starting at the given position . returns the number of newly created
Candidate: creates the line structure for the given line structure .
Reference: returns the positive square root of the specified value .
Candidate: computes the square of the root value .
Reference: counts the number of black / white transitions between two points , using something like bresenham ' s algorithm .
Candidate: counts the number of black / white transitions between two points , using something like bresenham ' s algorithm .
Reference: convert a number into a bit string with separators between each group of 8 .
Candidate: generate a string of the fp - za - z0 - - - - - 1 .
Reference: encodes an array of bytes into an array of url safe 7 - bit characters . unsafe characters are escaped .
Candidate: encodes an array of bytes into an array of url . unsafe characters are escaped .
Reference: initializes with the string contents .
Candidate: instantiates a new action action .
Reference: waits for all threads to reach this barrier .
Candidate: inner method to the the xml nodes for the declared first backup to backup because there can be called backup . such as the backup ( such as backup )
Reference: populates the translationscache map unless it is already populated .
Candidate: starts the log information about the given pose in the statistics .
Reference: construct a navmousemode . lets you set the consume mode . if the events are consumed , then a mouseevent is sent only to the first mapmouselistener that successfully processes
Candidate: return true if the passed board .
Reference: adds a new event to the queue . adding a new event to the queue preserves the temporal order of the events in the queue .
Candidate: add a new event to the queue .
Reference: stops the timer with the specified name .
Candidate: stops the timer with the timer .
Reference: returns the summary as string .
Candidate: returns the summary as a string .
Reference: create a hierarchy of directories ( a path ) in the designated temp dir . if the jvm terminates normally , these will be cleaned up .
Candidate: returns the path of the file with the given path . if it doesn ' t exist yet exist , with the same name , but does not exist yet
Reference: draws a horizontal span into the graph and optionally adds a legend .
Candidate: adds a to to the the model to the model model
Reference: select also all items belonging to any connection of the current selected items .
Candidate: select all items belonging to the given connected items .
Reference: create a new instance that optionally supports unicode sort keys .
Candidate: get a get and do get a get do get it ' s return do get a get . do do get . do do do do do do do
Reference: removes from the list of nodes any that cannot be parents of x given the background knowledge .
Candidate: removes any of nodes from the given list of x that cannot be given background knowledge .
Reference: called with an input stream for a properties file , used for reading tiles . omp files .
Candidate: loads the properties from the given properties from the properties properties .
Reference: open a new database connection . this connection must be closed by calling conn . close ( ) .
Candidate: creates a new instance of the specified object .
Reference: a simple implementation of the addrelations method which presents the general concept of the method . it should not be used in production because of possible race condition - production
Candidate: the method that presents the of the in the list .
Reference: the bddp packets are forwarded out of all the ports out of an openflowdomain . get all the switches in the same openflow domain as the sw ( disabling tunnels
Candidate: performs the checks of the client needed performs the checks of the checks to send the for the client and checks to send . we can needed .
Reference: waits the specified number of milliseconds .
Candidate: schedules a specific for for for for for for for for other than .
Reference: verify that the write set is not found ( no keys in [ 0 : 1000 ) ) .
Candidate: tests that the log entry .
Reference: calculates the entropy corresponding to the input masses .
Candidate: computes loglikelihood integration variable as a normal distribution .
Reference: check to see if a string is a valid nmtoken according to [ 7 ] in the xml 1 . 0 recommendation
Candidate: check to see if a string is a valid nmtoken according to [ 7 ] in xml 1 . if 1 recommendation
Reference: determines what action the user wants to perform .
Candidate: update the intermediate tab .
Reference: parses out and converts the text located between first occurrences of the open and closed tags into double .
Candidate: parse the and return the internal and the and the the
Reference: place a string into the message ( using utf - 8 encoding )
Candidate: produces a raw around a string of a csv string .
Reference: actions a pull event
Candidate: actions a pull event
Reference: add a rtcp event listener
Candidate: add a rtcp event listener
Reference: creates a new array of the given size if necessary and copies the data into the new array .
Candidate: creates a new array of the given size if necessary and copies the data into the new array .
Reference: this method detects a code in a " pure " image - - that is , pure monochrome image which contains only an unrotated , unskewed , image of a
Candidate: this method detects a " pure " image , pure monochrome image which contains only an unrotated , unskewed , image of a
Reference: reports an error . errors are non - fatal and usually signify that the document is invalid with respect to its grammar ( s ) .
Candidate: remove a processing .
Reference: connects socket ' fd ' to ' inetaddress ' on ' port ' , with no timeout . the lack of a timeout means this method won ' t throw
Candidate: connects socket ' fd ' to a client inetaddress ' method .
Reference: determine if the string - value of a node is whitespace
Candidate: determine if the string is a whitespace value
Reference: creates a new status panel .
Candidate: this function to create a new thread to a total of in the graph .
Reference: open the pds file .
Candidate: attempts to handle the open file .
Reference: deregisters a spring from this basespringsystem , so it won ' t be iterated anymore . the spring should not be used anymore after doing this .
Candidate: deregisters a spring from this basespringsystem so it won ' t be iterated anymore . this spring should be used anymore after doing so the should not be used anymore
Reference: returns current log file .
Candidate: create an instance of the specified file .
Reference: parses an n - triples bnode , creates an object for it using the supplied valuefactory and returns this object .
Candidate: creates a new instance with the specified identifier .
Reference: resets the psr list .
Candidate: resets the extreme gravity psr list .
Reference: sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order .
Candidate: sorts the specified in the array in ascending numerical order .
Reference: close this popup menu .
Candidate: close this popup menu .
Reference: remove an object from the map .
Candidate: remove the id from the given id .
Reference: expand the view vertically to the size of the crosssize ( considering the view margins )
Candidate: create the model of self - vertical model .
Reference: convert a 32 char hex string into a inet6address . throws a runtime exception if the string isn ' t 32 chars , isn ' t hex or can '
Candidate: decodes a revision ' s an ip address into a utf 8 .
Reference: track a failure - multiply the back off interval by the multiplier
Candidate: multiply the failure by the multiplier in the screen - multiply
Reference: reads a double ( 64 bit ) from the source stream .
Candidate: reads an 8 from the ( 8 ) bit ) from the source stream .
Reference: check if a scroll bar is at its maximum value .
Candidate: move board at changing ball position at changing position position at changing position at changing position at changing the position position at changing back at changing the position position changing
Reference: case sensitive match test .
Candidate: tests if the charseq starts sensitive sensitive sensitive sensitive sensitive sensitive sensitive sensitive sensitive sensitive sensitive sensitive sensitive sensitive sensitive sensitive sensitive sensitive sensitive sensitive sensitive sensitive sensitive sensitive sensitive
Reference: given a url to a properties file describing a maptileset , create it and add it to the list .
Candidate: loads the properties from the specified inputstream .
Reference: computes the result for one input double value .
Candidate: computes the value of the given value .
Reference: enables pan tethering on the local device and checks to make sure that tethering is enabled .
Candidate: stop the underlying reporting local of the local thread .
Reference: calculate the number of cells on the shortest path between ( x1 , z1 ) and ( x2 , z2 )
Candidate: compares the given of the cuboid in the database .
Reference: creates a new url of the given component parts . the url uses the protocol ' s default port .
Candidate: creates a new url of the parts of the given component .
Reference: return a workflow . method for createvolumes .
Candidate: return a workflow method for createmetavolumes .
Reference: example : 0x1001 , " close " , 0x0 , " "
Candidate: creates a new parameter .
Reference: initializes the widgets in this page
Candidate: add the to the
Reference: this function will install a trust manager that will blindly trust all ssl certificates . the reason this code is being added is to enable developers to do development using
Candidate: this function will install a trust manager that will blindly trust all ssl certificates . the reason this code is being added to enable developers to do development using
Reference: sample the active count
Candidate: sample the active count
Reference: handles get requests to the oauth2 device / user endpoint , returning a form to allow the user to submit their user code
Candidate: attempt to find provided interface . provided interface .
Reference: test for correct reading of a mission name .
Candidate: test for handling for mission mission with empty constraints .
Reference: checks if this object equals another . < p > the entire state of the object is compared .
Candidate: checks if another state is another state .
Reference: releases any resources we may have ( or inherit )
Candidate: releases the system resources .
Reference: computes the black equivalent volatility without validating parameters
Candidate: calculates the bounds of the lifeline algorithm .
Reference: closes the utility instance and unregisters any broadcastreceivers .
Candidate: push a link transfer onto the path .
Reference: resolves all files it finds into a map , with relative paths as the key and absolute path as the value .
Candidate: this a project that would be a project that pick a project that a file project .
Reference: javax / crypto / exemptionmechanism # getinstance ( string algorithm , string provider ) checks exception order
Candidate: javax . crypto / exemptionmechanism # getinstance ( ) algorithm algorithm algorithm order algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm
Reference: reload configuration from previously added resources . this method will clear all the configuration read from the added resources , and final parameters . this will make the resources to
Candidate: clears the list of pages .
Reference: removes a messageprocessor from this sipstack .
Candidate: removes a new messageprocessor for the list of this runnable . this method is called prior to the list of membership . this method is called prior to stop of
Reference: construct an x509issuerserial from an x509certificate .
Candidate: on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on
Reference: add the set to an existing file .
Candidate: add the set to the the
Reference: put an array of bytes in the buffer .
Candidate: put the byte buffer into the buffer with the specified byte array .
Reference: convenience method to return a string array as a delimited ( e . g . csv ) string . e . g . useful for tostring ( ) implementations .
Candidate: convert a string into a string of delimiters .
Reference: removes all items from the stagingarea .
Candidate: removes all items from the stagingarea .
Reference: parse attributes and return adempierecolor
Candidate: create default background type of colors
Reference: method that creates a new instance of luastate
Candidate: gets the given probability from the given given state .
Reference: checks memory for capacity to hold the preamble and returns the first 8 bytes .
Candidate: this method calculates the conjunction of the nearest object for the given number of the memory .
Reference: read from the file .
Candidate: reads the number of bytes to the inputstream .
Reference: if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the
Candidate: if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the
Reference: limit the clip such that it fits within the specified region .
Candidate: trims the clip that the fits within the given edge .
Reference: shutdown all thread pools .
Candidate: shutdown all thread pools .
Reference: returns tha list of resolved inet addresses . first addresses are resolved by host names , if this attempt fails then the addresses are resolved by ip addresses .
Candidate: read a random through the input through through through through through through through through through through through through through through through through the end of through the end .
Reference: removes new line charactors .
Candidate: return a string for a string .
Reference: set unread counters for feeds and categories according to real amount of unread articles . split up the tasks in single transactions so we can do other work in between
Candidate: start the time of the current time .
Reference: append a character to a buffer , escaping html meta - characters when needed .
Candidate: append the outgoing outgoing body .
Reference: loop through each of the columns in the given table , migrating each as a resource or relation .
Candidate: syncs the partitions for each threshold .
Reference: does a count on a given table .
Candidate: reads the table of the table in the table .
Reference: creates a new jarmodifier with the given archive to be modified
Candidate: creates a new jarmodifier with archive to the given archive .
Reference: adds the attribute to the list of attributes assigning it a free column index . if the name is already in use , the attribute will be renamed .
Candidate: add a subset to to the given of .
Reference: associate the given value with the specified key .
Candidate: associate the given value with the specified key .
Reference: find the top limit values using given comparator and place them as in a full array sort , in descending order .
Candidate: inserts the given size of the given array .
Reference: a shortcut way of telling if we are a server transaction .
Candidate: utility method that can be executed on the logger .
Reference: adds a special " marked occurrence " highlight .
Candidate: adds a special " marked occurrence highlight .
Reference: helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
Candidate: helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
Reference: does the readfully based on the input read .
Candidate: this method works around the input stream .
Reference: validate the given assumption .
Candidate: validate the given assumption .
Reference: adds all products in a category according to quantity request parameter for each ; if no parameter for a certain product in the category , or if quantity is 0
Candidate: returns an item according to the given category . productcategorymember .
Reference: adds a frequent item set to this container . conditionalitems and frequentitems are merged .
Candidate: increments the given number of the the given operator . this is not added .
Reference: skips from the peek buffer .
Candidate: skip even if the requested stream is even even if even if even if even if even if even if even if even if even if even if even if
Reference: a method that creates the workflow method for removing vplex volumes from a consistency group .
Candidate: method to create a new volumes with the the vplex to the consistency group .
Reference: actually show the dialog that contain the given urls and give the user the option to open the url , copy it or cancel the dialog .
Candidate: prompt the contents of urls to the center .
Reference: convert mouse . convert mouse coordinates to a cell index . return < no_mouse > if the mouse is not well - centered on a defined character .
Candidate: compute the clean that is work is clean down from the clean of the stream .
Reference: computes a regular expression string where each instance of the old name can be fulfilled by either the old name or new name .
Candidate: converts a string to a string in a string in a string to a string in a string to a string in a string to a string in a string
Reference: generate a call identifier . this is useful when we want to generate a call identifier in advance of generating a message .
Candidate: advance the contents of the inputstream the params .
Reference: parse a hour value . depending on patternchar parameter , the hour can be 0 - 23 , 1 - 24 , 0 - 11 , or 1 - 12
Candidate: parse the hour value depending on patternchar parameter , or hour can be 0 - 23 , 24 , or 24 , 24 , 24 , 24 , 24 ,
Reference: changes the currently displayed command line when certain keys are pressed . the up arrow moves back through history entries and the down arrow moves forward through history entries .
Candidate: this method to validate the state objectinputstream . this method must be called by the user of the .
Reference: returns an array of types , where original types got substituted given a substitution . only allocate an array if anything is different .
Candidate: resolves the main values from the main values in the main values in the main values in the main values in the main values in the main values in the
Reference: what magic happens . 1 - draw image cover in circle 2 - draw black shadow on it to make seconds and icons more visible 3 - draw duration center
Candidate: for the specified modification .
Reference: returns the current list of known transports . the returned list is an unshared collection of transports , including all transports which may have channels to remote endpoints .
Candidate: create a step from the filter .
Reference: returns the seconds until idle lockout .
Candidate: clears the password reset state .
Reference: show all databases in hive
Candidate: read the value from the given .
Reference: and for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter
Candidate: or for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter
Reference: this hackyadjuster is tightly coupled with the width of the confidence interval normally specified with number of standard deviations . to simplify this interface the number of standard deviations has
Candidate: computes the random distance between the given symbol .
Reference: read the object from base64 string .
Candidate: read the from base64 encoded string .
Reference: creates a copy of the old document ; updating the retrieved document instance works ok for stored properties but indexed data gets lost when doing an indexwriter . updatedocument with
Candidate: returns whether the node can be used for adding it ' s shuffle mechanism to what nodes .
Reference: construct the singular value decomposition
Candidate: create an empty adapter with the specified latitude and longitude .
Reference: unlocks version generation for clear ( ) operations
Candidate: this method to find the new contents of the typical object the current site is modified to the the current site to the the specific calls to the the link
Reference: create a new ( empty ) unicast remote reference .
Candidate: creates a new paletteswatcheschooser
Reference: static version of lastindexof .
Candidate: static version of lastindexof .
Reference: writes the buffer contents to the file . assumes that the buffer is full and the first byte of data is at position 0 .
Candidate: write all data from the end of the buffer .
Reference: take modulo for double numbers according to lua math , and return a double result .
Candidate: method to compare the argument of the argument .
Reference: max ( biginteger val ) . the first is less .
Candidate: max ( biginteger val ) . the first is less .
Reference: function used to stop code that calls accepttrainingset . this is needed as classifier construction is performed inside a separate thread of execution .
Candidate: stop function that calls code stop separate execution code is performed separate validation execution .
Reference: called to set the offsetgrabpoint to the current mouse location , and update the offsetgrabpoint with all the other grabpoint locations , so everything can shift smoothly . should also
Candidate: set the mouse pointer to the mouse drop mouse location .
Reference: writes floats from the given float array , starting from the specified offset , to the current position and increases the position by the number of floats written .
Candidate: writes floats from the given float , starting from the specified offset , to the current position and increases the position by the number of floats written .
Reference: the optimized version of sax2dtm . dispatchcharactersevents ( int , contenthandler , boolean ) . < p > directly call the characters method on the passed contenthandler for the string
Candidate: call compute up the version of sax2dtm . dispatchcharactersevents ( contenthandler ) directly . contenthandler contenthandler for contenthandler contenthandler contenthandler contenthandler contenthandler contenthandler contenthandler contenthandler contenthandler contenthandler contenthandler , contenthandler
Reference: check whether the cidr address contains the ip address
Candidate: compares if conditional ip token with field .
Reference: accessed via reflection . do not remove
Candidate: is true if the service is currently already present in a start address .
Reference: check to see if the client has a cookie with optional value
Candidate: see if the have queued reasonable cookie sasl cookie .
Reference: use the native file dialog on the mac because the swing one is bad . on linux , the native one is bad . no preference on windows .
Candidate: check to the the file for the file .
Reference: creates the item using these parameters .
Candidate: creates a new instance with a customized pivot ' customized ' s default domain .
Reference: returns an enumeration describing the available options . valid options are : < p > - c confidence < br > set confidence threshold for pruning . ( default :
Candidate: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Reference: encodes the application data into ssl / tls record . if handshake status of the engine differs from not_handshaking the operation can work without consuming of the source data .
Candidate: encrypts the engine without ssl / tls data engine can work can work can work can work can work work without not_handshaking / ssl / ssl / ssl / ssl
Reference: returns a byte [ ] containing the remainder of ' in ' , closing it when done .
Candidate: returns a byte [ ] containing the remainder of ' in ' , closing it when done .
Reference: parse the sql statement and locate any placeholders or named parameters . named parameters are substituted for a jdbc placeholder .
Candidate: locate the named sql parameters for a locate named parameters . parameters .
Reference: writes a long at the specified offset from this native object ' s base address .
Candidate: writes long long value to the long value .
Reference: required method to be called if you are using requestkeeper to funnel your requests .
Candidate: removes the specified key from a set . returns true if the was successful , otherwise .
Reference: generate a salt for use with the bcrypt . hashpw ( ) method .
Candidate: generate a salt for use with the bcrypt . hashpw ( ) method
Reference: if possible , validate the given key ' s hashcode against any that was returned by the peer .
Candidate: tests if the key value does not validate the local serializable key .
Reference: function to format amount into to indaian rupees format
Candidate: make a string of the input string
Reference: run an init script from the classpath .
Candidate: this method awaits on the given url .
Reference: parse an integer located between 2 given offsets in a string
Candidate: parse an integer located between the given offsets in the given string .
Reference: prints an object to this output stream and then terminates the line .
Candidate: prints an integer to standard output and then terminates the line .
Reference: check that all the elements are real numbers .
Candidate: check that the the real interpolation .
Reference: init the keyboard buttons ( onclicklistener )
Candidate: add a title to to the title .
Reference: is window auto new record ( if not set use default )
Candidate: checks whether the given is under the parameters .
Reference: determine the path to the file relative to the given directory path .
Candidate: returns the file path for the given file .
Reference: read fields to display
Candidate: parse all values .
Reference: internal method to perform the normalization .
Candidate: internal method to perform the normalization .
Reference: reset the internal state of this singleton
Candidate: release all resources that might be used to ensure that the tree .
Reference: andnot for two negative numbers ; the first is longer
Candidate: andnot for two positive numbers ; the first is shorter
Reference: creates a random string which only consists of letters
Candidate: returns a string of the fp - za - z0 - 9 codes .
Reference: constructs a new exchangeratemanager and initialises the most used rates . note : private ; should only be accessed by getinstance ( ) .
Candidate: initializes an instance of the .
Reference: removes the attribute specified by the value parameter .
Candidate: removes the specified item from the specified object .
Reference: delete the object previously saved .
Candidate: release previously previously previously previously previously previously previously previously saved .
Reference: check if unique constraint exception ( aka ora - 00001 )
Candidate: returns true if the given work is a valid db .
Reference: construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
Candidate: construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
Reference: adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in
Candidate: adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in
Reference: inserts prefix mappings from an xml literal ' s context for all prefixes that are used in the xml literal and that are not defined in the xml literal itself
Candidate: serializes the entire buffer and writes it into the specified buffer buffer .
Reference: increments the put time accumulator .
Candidate: increments the clock of the given accumulator .
Reference: precompute hashes used to set mask bits for a data .
Candidate: generate a sort max
Reference: shows user home following tags page .
Candidate: shows user home page articles page .
Reference: the elevation at the closest sw post to the given lat / lon . this is just a go - to - the - closest - post solution .
Candidate: assumes that the more than elevationat / precise ( which assumes that that that that the that needs to be at the / max resolution where the resolution of the
Reference: factory method for observedobject creation .
Candidate: returns the of of the of all of all of this file
Reference: delete the children of the element
Candidate: delete the children of the element .
Reference: recursively create the initial state for the given component .
Candidate: this a user representing this ' s ' s state . this method is for a specific state .
Reference: looks , if this trace is connected to the same object at its start and its end point
Candidate: checks if the currently currently contained in the in the .
Reference: ensure the given value is not null and return it .
Candidate: helper to an language .
Reference: read an arraylist from an inputstream containing xml . the stream can previously have been written by writelistxml ( ) .
Candidate: read an arraylist from an inputstream containing xml stream . can previously have been written by writelistxml ( ) .
Reference: adds padding to the end of a string with a repeating character if the string ' s length is less than the minimum length
Candidate: pad the length of the given string to the given length of the given string . if the given string is known than the given length of the given length
Reference: returns an enumeration of the additional measure names
Candidate: returns an enumeration of the additional measure names .
Reference: this method should not raise any exceptions .
Candidate: this method should call raise any exceptions .
Reference: add button for showing preferences .
Candidate: add button button for the button panel .
Reference: clear unused pages from page pool
Candidate: add a long information to the output .
Reference: create fields . used by apanel . cmd_find and viewer . cmd_find
Candidate: below method - get the element -
Reference: constructs a shortinterleavedraster with the given samplemodel and databuffer . the raster ' s upper left corner is origin and it is the same sizes the samplemodel . the databuffer
Candidate: constructs a integercomponentraster with the given samplemodel and databuffer . the raster ' s upper left corner is origin and it is the same sizes the samplemodel .
Reference: this method will copy the given file to carbon store location
Candidate: this method will copy the given file to carbon location .
Reference: performs a backwards fling action with the default number of fling steps ( 5 ) . if the swipe direction is set to vertical , then the swipe will be
Candidate: returns true if parent if parent , otherwise parent parent parent parent parent parent parent parent parent parent parent parent parent parent parent parent parent parent parent parent parent parent
Reference: attempts to parse the string as double . in case this fails , testcase . fail ( ) is triggered .
Candidate: creates a double representing a double .
Reference: adds a listener that is notified about changes in the filter .
Candidate: adds a listener that is notified about changes in the graph .
Reference: takes a image , mirrors it using row - per - row int reading , mirror it again using byte ( if possible ) and compares if the original was
Candidate: merges a " settings to the given menu .
Reference: returns true if gapis is considered stable ( non - experimental ) :
Candidate: return true if the specified file has been written in the specified file .
Reference: calculates the approximate size of a text , depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls ( e . g . inside drawing methods )
Candidate: calculates the approximate text of text , depending on the demo text avoid repeated calls ( e . g , drawing methods .
Reference: defaults was clicked . restore the svn preferences to their default values
Candidate: trims the view to the sun covered by this provider .
Reference: returns a string representation of the list , front to back .
Candidate: returns the list of the symbol in front symbol .
Reference: write an image , x / y placement with an imageicon .
Candidate: write an image , / y placement with an imageicon .
Reference: tests job stealing with peer deployment and different class loaders .
Candidate: the method that starts all the have been configured .
Reference: monitor changes to the scale slider .
Candidate: changes a slider slider .
Reference: save string into the file
Candidate: writes the content to the given file .
Reference: determine whether the given url points to a resource in the file system , that is , has protocol " file " , " vfsfile " or " vfs "
Candidate: determines if the given file represents a protocol file .
Reference: updates logout status based on current status and what stored in the internal map .
Candidate: emit a set of a state of a set of state , or a set of a set of a set of state , or a set of a set
Reference: converts oid into array of ints .
Candidate: converts oid into array of ints .
Reference: returns the server instance names that belong to a site .
Candidate: generates a set of modules for testing .
Reference: creates a modal dialog for the parent .
Candidate: creates a tree ' s parent hierarchy .
Reference: checks to see if sld contains inline features .
Candidate: convenience out the features of the styledlayerdescriptor and the styles .
Reference: decode the contents of the inputstream into a buffer .
Candidate: decode the contents of the inputstream into a buffer .
Reference: provides a hint to the virtual machine that it would be useful to attempt to perform any outstanding object finalizations .
Candidate: attempt to a virtual object hint that would attempt to a outstanding object finalizations .
Reference: display the string defined in the string xml file : iconfont_string . xml
Candidate: update the string for the user defined in the user . iconfont_string .
Reference: checks content length of a http request to avoid dos attack . in case idff inter - op with other idff vendor who may not provide content length in httpservletrequest
Candidate: awaits the http request request . the remotecall squad .
Reference: public : add a foreign key constraint to the table . if there is a same name foreign key constraint already , nothing will happen .
Candidate: adds the given field to the given field builder , fall the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the
Reference: called with the activity is first created .
Candidate: called first activity with the first activity .
Reference: sends a notification to the apple push notification service .
Candidate: process the process of the receiver .
Reference: appends a json encoded key / value pair to the given string builder .
Candidate: appends a json encoded key / value pair to the given string builder .
Reference: maintains order of all keys , but overwrites all data keys with values from resources .
Candidate: add the resource to the the resource in the resource .
Reference: deselects the item at the given zero - relative index in the receiver . if the item at the index was already deselected , it remains deselected . indices that
Candidate: deselects all selected items in receiver receiver .
Reference: gets the leaf attribute of the domtreemodel object
Candidate: this utility method is not leaf . this method is not control parent tree .
Reference: add a listener all callbacks of the interface listener will be called within this function should be called in the main thread
Candidate: add a listener to the eventdispatcher .
Reference: checks if this date - time is equal to another date - time , including the chronology . < p > compares this date - time with another ensuring that
Candidate: return true iff the resultsetmapper is equal to the same .
Reference: parse a string into a vector . todo : move this into utility package ?
Candidate: parses the double array as an array of utf - 8 .
Reference: create an empty file and write some data on it . then update its metadata , verify the new metadata and the updated version , and then write some data
Candidate: test to create a properties object with to the object object .
Reference: calls the super method and writes the knn distance of this entry to the specified stream .
Candidate: calls the super method and writes the knn distance of this entry from the specified stream .
Reference: creates instance of cassandra driver session wrapper .
Candidate: create a new session from the given session .
Reference: returns a batchresponse based on the given batchrequest , by posting the request to the server .
Candidate: check if an allocation of an edge .
Reference: returns the directory in which the main program is located .
Candidate: returns the result of the file .
Reference: method to delete all control sensors from this route
Candidate: plays songs by the dataset .
Reference: converts a string into the corresponding keystore_type
Candidate: creates an instance of an instance of an instance of an instance of an instance of an instance of the heap . this is an instance of an instance of
Reference: sets the new current nested level and pushes old current nested level down the stack returns that level .
Candidate: replaces all occurrences of all occurrences and all occurrences ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s '
Reference: converts a hexadecimal character to an integer .
Candidate: converts a hexadecimal character to an integer .
Reference: convert diasporapodlist to json
Candidate: convert a json object to json storage .
Reference: load a keystore , auto - detecting the type , from a file accessed by a password .
Candidate: loads a key from a protected loads a password protected loads a password protected loads a password protected loads a password protected loads a password protected loads a password protected
Reference: remove a property change listener
Candidate: remove a property change listener
Reference: returns true if precaching is able to run . set by precachelauncher # updateprecachingenabled .
Candidate: check if auto scanning was enabled .
Reference: this = this and other
Candidate: calculate the hash of the two cells .
Reference: test for equality between the specified object and this object . two principalentries are equal if their class and name values are equal .
Candidate: principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal
Reference: test if profile is valid for lockdown , which requires ipv4 address for both server and dns . server hostnames would require using dns before connection .
Candidate: returns true if the current vdc .
Reference: pulls the response from the server and returns the code as a number . returns - 1 on failure .
Candidate: attempts to read the local of the client and does not than the and the size of the file .
Reference: checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified . < p > this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the
Candidate: checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified . < p > this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the
Reference: ctor for an outer join between two streams .
Candidate: implements the pearson node between more data .
Reference: see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 7
Candidate: see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 7
Reference: construct a kdb database from the supplied inputstream .
Candidate: check a message from the
Reference: decodes an add operation .
Candidate: decodes a paste operation .
Reference: sorts the array in place
Candidate: sorts the given place , increasing order .
Reference: trigger to rebuild the panel
Candidate: remove all component from the layer .
Reference: feeds the inflater with the compressed bytes in poll mode , the caller should not call repeatedly this , without consuming first , checking isdatareadyforconsumer ( )
Candidate: add the buffered bytes to to the buffer .
Reference: turns an object into a string for storing in the props .
Candidate: returns a line of the graph .
Reference: navigates to the next page ( if not already there ) .
Candidate: if the animation navigates is current page .
Reference: the following two methods exist because in , out , and err must be initialized to null . the compiler , however , cannot be permitted to inline access to
Candidate: utility method to returns the input err . err . err . err . err . err . err . err . err . err . err . err ,
Reference: returns an immutable list .
Candidate: fetches the list of the given list list of the given list list . < p > this method will never be registered by the given queries .
Reference: the sql commands to be added to the batchlist for deleting the rules in rulestodelete .
Candidate: helper method to preparing a batch representation of the batch batch batch of the batch representation in the database representation of drop batch batch batch batch batch batch providers to
Reference: returns true if this element was already visited .
Candidate: checks true if the session has been reached onto the
Reference: instantiates a new connection object .
Candidate: creates a new daytimecondition
Reference: returns a new completablefuture that is already exceptionally completed with the given exception .
Candidate: creates a future that synchronously completed exceptionally
Reference: initializes all errors given the model .
Candidate: this function to compute the the the screenshot .
Reference: check the mouse event modifiers against the instance member modifiers . default implementation checks equality . can be overridden to test with a mask
Candidate: override to check equality with a mask
Reference: writes all retained variables to the output of the specified generator , then clears them .
Candidate: updates the statistics statistics statistics statistics . statistics statistics statistics statistics statistics statistics statistics statistics statistics statistics statistics statistics statistics statistics statistics statistics statistics statistics statistics statistics statistics . searcher
Reference: creates a new uri instance of the given unencoded component parts .
Candidate: creates a new uri instance of the given unencoded component parts .
Reference: this is an entry point for extracting k - best hypotheses as structuredtranslation objects . it computes all of them and returning a list of structuredtranslation objects . these objects
Candidate: gets the k - return the k vertex in the vertex . vertex .
Reference: reads a single character from the source string and returns it as an integer with the two higher - order bytes set to 0 . returns - 1 if the
Candidate: reads the single character from the source string and returns it as an integer with the two higher - order bytes .
Reference: check if the storage system type is openstack , vnxblock , vmax or ibmxiv . snapshot full copy is supported only on these storage systems .
Candidate: determines if the storage is connected to the storagesystem .
Reference: lists all of the services found in the file descriptors
Candidate: creates the buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered
Reference: returns a string with lines sentences of the following form removed : this result code corresponds to the ldap result code value of & # x7b ; & # x40
Candidate: convert a string to a single line .
Reference: divide : rounding mode is round_half_even , result is negative ; equidistant
Candidate: divide : rounding mode is round_half_even , result is negative ; distance = 1
Reference: compute quantile ( inverse cdf ) for beta distributions .
Candidate: compute the maximal based on the specified distribution .
Reference: example implementation . it only knows to verify sha256withec algorithm .
Candidate: verifies the signature signature signature was signed in the signature .
Reference: creates and caches new deployment .
Candidate: this method class to class class class class class class class class class class . class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class
Reference: return the number of objects in this sequence .
Candidate: return the number of objects in this sequence .
Reference: tests that a run - as role - name can be added to a servlet .
Candidate: tests whether the servlets servlets works for retrieving servlets .
Reference: subtract two negative numbers of different length . the first is longer .
Candidate: subtract two numbers of different length . different signs . the first is longer .
Reference: constructs a query matching terms that cannot be represented with a single term .
Candidate: creates a new instance using the default strategy .
Reference: prints the message passed as a non - string object and a new line .
Candidate: called as a message message as a message .
Reference: currently only group by tags groupbys ' first item always is site , which is a reserved field
Candidate: tags currently by a groupbys groupbys first field , reserved , which reserved reserved reserved reserved reserved reserved reserved reserved reserved reserved reserved reserved reserved reserved reserved reserved reserved reserved
Reference: test an invalid xml input .
Candidate: clears the raw - loadbalanceconnectiongroupmanager . removehost ( ) .
Reference: convert a re to a string .
Candidate: returns a entity at the front of this .
Reference: returns true if one of the members is a getter and the other one is a setter . no further validation such as name or owner comparison is done as
Candidate: tells member member member member member member member member member member member member member member member member member member member member member member member member member member member member member
Reference: creates a dateformat that assumes the incoming date is in utc time .
Candidate: convert a zone to the zone zone .
Reference: adds the specified kml - object to the file .
Candidate: asserts that the file is an empty filename .
Reference: get destination file path of this download request .
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property .
Reference: get users and groups from the server to fill in the " share with " list
Candidate: create the share fill fill " and fill the share " according to the tags in the " and the tags in the " and the tags in the "
Reference: creates new form bootpanel
Candidate: creates new instance of jpasswordqualityfield with
Reference: create default headers for server response .
Candidate: returns the given string of the given string .
Reference: remove all components in parsys .
Candidate: selects the list and it results to the list .
Reference: puts a new request in queue as a new thread in pool to be executed
Candidate: puts a new request in a thread pool to be in the thread pool to be executed in
Reference: create client from given json data , add client to client list , broadcast newly registered client to all previously registered clients and send client list to new client .
Candidate: internal routine to the buffer for the message buffer .
Reference: parses the data from the supplied inputstream , using the supplied baseuri to resolve any relative uri references .
Candidate: parses the supplied uri from the supplied inputstream . the supplied baseuri to resolve the supplied file .
Reference: parses the date value using the given date formats .
Candidate: parses the date value as the given date formats .
Reference: removes a member with the specified name from this object . if this object contains multiple members with the given name , only the last one is removed . if
Candidate: removes a member from the given name .
Reference: loop code layout the loop is defined by the back edge from t - > h . h ( header ) is the source of the back edge . we
Candidate: nationalnumber if elements as provisioned provisioned provisioned provisioned provisioned provisioned provisioned provisioned provisioned provisioned provisioned provisioned provisioned provisioned provisioned provisioned provisioned provisioned provisioned provisioned provisioned provisioned provisioned provisioned provisioned provisioned
Reference: read a line from the hex file and verify the checksum .
Candidate: read the next link the next converted , and return the feed .
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: generates two data files to join its with hive .
Candidate: writes the log file into the given file .
Reference: rename an editor type panel in show panels sub menu
Candidate: adds the item emote to the menu item .
Reference: returns true iff format ( col ) should return a single - line version of the formula .
Candidate: returns true if there is solaris are processed in the caption .
Reference: override to set up your specific external resource .
Candidate: override the target availability of your specific tests occur to occur . < p occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur
Reference: convert lon / lat ( degree ) coordinate to virtual world coordinates .
Candidate: convert results to virtual world coordinates . lat .
Reference: copies this string replacing occurrences of the specified target sequence with another sequence . the string is processed from the beginning to the end .
Candidate: copies the string to replacing the end of this uri to another .
Reference: encode a string for html requests
Candidate: converts an string to a string .
Reference: draws an image , applying a transform from image space into user space before drawing . the transformation from user space into device space is done with the current transform
Candidate: decodes the command line into an device pixels into device into device into device .
Reference: upper guess to determine the duration in bytes , using highest bitrate of the stream .
Candidate: decodes the newly calculated in multi - macro . h .
Reference: advances the position until after the next newline character . if the line is terminated by " \ r \ n " , the ' \ n ' must be
Candidate: advances the position until the next newline character . if the line is terminated by " \ r \ n ' \ n '
Reference: creates a new indtestcramert instance for a subset of the variables .
Candidate: creates a new indtestcramert instance for a subset of the variables .
Reference: treat the given file as a source of additional seeds , announcing to seedlisteners .
Candidate: extracts the current as the current xml .
Reference: formats time in milliseconds to hh : mm : ss string format .
Candidate: formats time to hh : mm : ss format hh : mm : ss
Reference: adds the property change listener .
Candidate: add a property change listener for the property property .
Reference: creates a new folder with a default folder name .
Candidate: creates a new folder with a default folder name .
Reference: add a typed array to the config
Candidate: add an integer array to the config
Reference: adds the sub action .
Candidate: test the the predicate
Reference: fills the entry tree map with entries from the block .
Candidate: get data from an array
Reference: checks if right hand collection has atleast one same item as left hand collection .
Candidate: convenient method to assert that a collection of a collection that enclosed in the same order .
Reference: for keyboard mode , processes key events .
Candidate: for keyboard mode , processes key events .
Reference: asserts that the actual duration is within 10 % of the given expected time .
Candidate: asserts that asserts that asserts that asserts that asserts that asserts that asserts that within the given time within the given time .
Reference: log a discrepancy in the data .
Candidate: init the filter which are
Reference: creates a new fieldbodyimg datatype .
Candidate: creates a new image for the given image .
Reference: initializes this abstractresource with the given mimetype . the modification time of the resource is set to the current system time .
Candidate: produces a new frequency src socket .
Reference: creates a parameters object for the given main - method arguments .
Candidate: parses an ascii - digit in the form . e . g . .
Reference: respond to or initiate an smp negotiation
Candidate: computes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Reference: compute linear frequency from mel frequency .
Candidate: compute the binomial coefficient .
Reference: constructs the generator and initializes the common members ignoring display density .
Candidate: this the size of the current size and makes the size and the size of the cells in the current location .
Reference: generate an array of random bytes
Candidate: generate a random byte array .
Reference: returns a description of the search as a string
Candidate: returns a search as a search search string .
Reference: copy buf to mmessage .
Candidate: append a byte to mmessage .
Reference: checks if cassandra driver session expired .
Candidate: tests if the current state has been changed .
Reference: put a key / boolean pair in the jsonobject .
Candidate: put the key identified by the key pair jsonobject .
Reference: util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
Candidate: util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
Reference: handles the selection and deselects item if multiselect is disabled
Candidate: handle the selected selection
Reference: check if the method can be invoked to give parameters
Candidate: calculate the of of of depreciation over the of of of of of of time
Reference: writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream .
Candidate: writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream .
Reference: get response as byte array
Candidate: get bytes to byte buffer .
Reference: starts fading out all layers .
Candidate: starts fading to all layers .
Reference: note : upper bound is 71 / 60 opt + 6 / 9 ( ~ 1 . 18 opt )
Candidate: constructs an instance of the given .
Reference: adds the given listener
Candidate: adds a new listener listener .
Reference: get an iterator of profiles .
Candidate: this method will decrement the successor of the collection .
Reference: checks if the string starts with a space character , false if the string is empty or starts with a non - space character .
Candidate: checks if the string ends with a lowercase character .
Reference: appends scheme to incoming path
Candidate: appends scheme to incoming path
Reference: given a key , find the level
Candidate: get the string of the given key .
Reference: called whenever the mouse is dragged on this layer and one of the requested mouse modes is active .
Candidate: resize the mouse of the mouse settings and a mouse mouse . a mouse mouse exists .
Reference: initializes the caching http headers filter .
Candidate: initializes the http http headers filter .
Reference: adds common component to the parser configuration . this method will also add all of the component ' s recognized features and properties to the list of default recognized features
Candidate: adds all the component to the parser configuration . this method will add the common component to add the component ' s recognized features and properties to the component
Reference: spins / blocks until node s is matched by a fulfill operation .
Candidate: by s operation by by by by by by by by by by by by by by by by by by by by by by by by by by by
Reference: load the generalsubtreestablemodel with general subtrees .
Candidate: important method to load data
Reference: reads a single byte from the source string and returns it as an integer in the range from 0 to 255 . returns - 1 if the end of the
Candidate: reads the single character from the input stream .
Reference: returns true if the healthcheck flag - file is enabled but does not exist , otherwise ( no file configured , or file configured and exists ) returns false .
Candidate: < p all files that are excluded excluded excluded excluded excluded excluded excluded excluded excluded excluded excluded excluded excluded excluded excluded excluded excluded excluded excluded excluded excluded excluded excluded excluded
Reference: writes the contents to the file at the given location ( this creates the file or deletes its existing contents . )
Candidate: writes to the battery file to to to to the battery file .
Reference: generate one - key - multiple - values tree from array of key - value pairs , and wrap its into writable objects . the result is placed into mock
Candidate: add a key ( ) for each pair of a separate topic .
Reference: returns the angle of the vector from p0 to p1 , relative to the positive x - axis . the angle is normalized to be in the range [ -
Candidate: computes the interior of the given rectangle .
Reference: creates a new cursor setting the columns names that will be used by this cursor . the length of this array determines the number of columns that the cursor can
Candidate: add a mouse visible
Reference: checks if is enabled .
Candidate: checks if is enabled .
Reference: renders the drag border if needed .
Candidate: draws the specified width in the specified box .
Reference: creates a new transaction suitable for the serial port
Candidate: roundtrip a websocket message switch .
Reference: we ' re starting the thread
Candidate: starts the gemfire shell without an gemfire thread .
Reference: exports an object . this method produces the bytecode of the proxy class used to access the exported object . a remote applet can load the proxy class and call
Candidate: exports the proxy exports exports exports exports from the remote exports . this method produces the proxy object to the proxy object .
Reference: creates the sub - directory where this particular back - up instance will be kept .
Candidate: returns the existing megan file .
Reference: this method reads a utf - 16 string , which length is given on the number of characters it consists of . < br > the stream must be at
Candidate: decodes the input stream from the input stream .
Reference: this method is called every time a child is processed .
Candidate: adds children children children children children children children children children children children children children children children children children children children children children children children children children children children children children
Reference: iterates through all the tips ' keys and stores the ones that are valid for this os .
Candidate: creates a list from a list
Reference: creates instance of persistent queue .
Candidate: creates the given cache size ensures the given size and creates the cache .
Reference: this method adds to the sb the objects .
Candidate: return the string for rendering .
Reference: returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection via the named event
Candidate: returns true if this time , at , the object will accept a connection according to the supplied eventsetdescriptor
Reference: creates a new request configured to publish an open graph action .
Candidate: creates a new request configured to publish an open graph .
Reference: hide content and show the progress bar
Candidate: hide the content bar and show progress bar
Reference: read a bloom filter lm from an external file .
Candidate: restore contents objects from the input strings .
Reference: compute the median absolute deviation from median .
Candidate: calculates of median of of values of values of values of values of the real values of the values of values of values of values of values of values of
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: constructs a new sdpexception as a result of a system exception and uses the localized system exception message .
Candidate: constructs a new sdpexception when the codelet needs to include the exception .
Reference: links node as first element , or returns false if full .
Candidate: links node as first element , or returns false if full .
Reference: trigger the notification of all propertychangelisteners
Candidate: support property property property property property property property property property property property property property property property property property property property property property property property property property property property property property
Reference: given an entry and a template , return true if dirty - read should be performed
Candidate: checks that the user that can be used in the current token in the current template .
Reference: create a new jvalueslider .
Candidate: create a new jvalueslider .
Reference: apply graphic attributes to the symbol .
Candidate: attempt to validate the specified settings to the target .
Reference: todo add method documentation
Candidate: todo method add documentation
Reference: creates new descriptor of remote restful service .
Candidate: obtains the url from the url from the url url .
Reference: read the old journal from the input file . in the event of any error , just pretend we didn ' t have a journal , in that case ,
Candidate: read the old journal from the input event in the input in the input in the input in the input didn ' t have any error from the file .
Reference: tries to start the server .
Candidate: initiates a few of the policy in the class . the class should be the in the class class . due to the the standard complex while the class describing
Reference: test if the profile is complete .
Candidate: returns true if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if the
Reference: encode a string into a qr code with dimensions width x height . hints contains suggestions for error - correction level and version . the default error - correction level
Candidate: this method renders a qr of a bytematrix 2d matrix . greyscale values .
Reference: writes ints from the given int array , starting from the specified offset , to the current position and increases the position by the number of ints written .
Candidate: writes ints from the given int array , starting from the specified offset , to the current position and increases the position by the number of ints written .
Reference: sets a header to use with http request
Candidate: appends the header value to the specified value .
Reference: tells the look and feel to reset some of the values for this component so that it doesn ' t use jtextarea ' s default values . do not call
Candidate: invalidate the control down for the given
Reference: generate to source of the class .
Candidate: generate the source of the class .
Reference: submits a task for execution .
Candidate: submit the task to the executor of manage the execution of the threads .
Reference: validates if given bucket name is dns compatible .
Candidate: this method does the accumulated name .
Reference: validates the user namespace authorization create request . this method also trims the request parameters .
Candidate: trims the request request to the request builder .
Reference: default object formatter using object . tostring ( ) .
Candidate: get a string representation of the object object .
Reference: calculates the derived statistics ( significance etc ) .
Candidate: calculates the statistics statistics significance ( significance etc ) .
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: check to see if the consistency group is active and not created . in this case we can delete the consistency group . otherwise we should not delete the consistency
Candidate: checks if a unique group is unique in a unique group in a unique group in a unique group in a unique group in a unique group in a unique
Reference: closes ' closeable ' , ignoring any checked exceptions . does nothing if ' closeable ' is null .
Candidate: closes ' closeable ' , ignoring any checked exceptions . does nothing if ' closeable ' is null .
Reference: if a message is already available in this receiver ' s prefetch buffer then it is returned immediately otherwise this methods return null without waiting .
Candidate: wait indefinitely to be connected to be delivered to the wait indefinitely will be indefinitely to wait indefinitely will be indefinitely to be indefinitely to be indefinitely to wait indefinitely
Reference: removes the objects in the specified range from the start to the end , but not including the end index .
Candidate: removes the objects from the end of the specified range . including the end index .
Reference: refills the input buffer .
Candidate: refills the input buffer .
Reference: if we remove an entity , we may need to update the duplicate identifier .
Candidate: turn the form of the turn to the form of the turn turn .
Reference: stop cluster . also , stops all the auto recovery processes for the bookie cluster , if isautorecoveryenabled is true .
Candidate: used to read the resources resources .
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table attachment
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table user_roles
Reference: remove selection to a list of items
Candidate: add all items to the player entity .
Reference: reads the mappings from the file . the file has columns ( first column for first hub and all the links corresponding to that hub below it )
Candidate: this an instance of an instance of this instance can be generated immediately .
Reference: delete a load name that the train will either service or exclude . see setloadoption
Candidate: delete a receive that will delete the script or exclude . see setloadoption
Reference: validates the tag information on a compute state matches an expected virtual machine name .
Candidate: checks any interface does not supported .
Reference: creates a mojangson string from the given intarray tag .
Candidate: creates a mojangson string with the specified value string . does not include the specified digest .
Reference: removes the argument at the given index .
Candidate: finds the list of nodes from the list of node .
Reference: replaces a policy ' s relevant content in the resource tree .
Candidate: add the given policy policy .
Reference: creates a new atomicdoublearray of the given length , with all values initialized to zero
Candidate: creates a 3 that have a zero ) .
Reference: moved this code into it ' s own method so moveto could use it when the move is across file systems
Candidate: this method is used to copy to use across this ' s temp file . moveto .
Reference: recompute the separation of cluster means .
Candidate: recompute the separation of .
Reference: returns an image where the input image is centered .
Candidate: converts the input to the given input .
Reference: handles cleaning up for a lost pool entry with the given route . a lost pool entry corresponds to a connection that was garbage collected instead of being properly released
Candidate: compute the cleaning pool for cleaning pool .
Reference: writes a start tag to the output .
Candidate: writes the signature of the java associated with the signature . if the signature is is a java associated with reference . .
Reference: adds a listener that will be informed when the user right - clicks an operator or a port .
Candidate: add a new decorator .
Reference: internal implementation of traverse .
Candidate: recursively gets the contents of the system when the . when the when the when the when the when the when the when the when the when the when the
Reference: replaces the first instance of the search string with the replace string .
Candidate: replaces the search with the search string throughout the builder .
Reference: stores the byte at the index given .
Candidate: writes the index to the index .
Reference: create the config jpanel , if there is one , to configure this operation type
Candidate: create a component component
Reference: generate a salt for use with the bcrypt . hashpw ( ) method
Candidate: generate a salt for use with the bcrypt . hashpw ( ) method
Reference: draws the description text in the bottom right corner of the chart
Candidate: draws the description of the right corner of the chart
Reference: parses the bytes from a string .
Candidate: parses a bytes from a string .
Reference: returns the inter - language link to a specific language ( if any ) .
Candidate: append the provided string to the provided string .
Reference: updates the menu actions depending on the state of the given address space .
Candidate: adds a address to the address .
Reference: take a publisher and prepare to consume it on parallallism number of ' rails ' , possibly ordered and round - robin fashion .
Candidate: take a publisher and prepare rails < p > and prepare the consume and prepare and prepare the robin fashion and and and and and and an prefetch number and
Reference: cleans a directory without deleting it .
Candidate: cleans a directory without deleting it .
Reference: add a gumball to the game and play the ball drop sound .
Candidate: adds the given / price to the graph .
Reference: adds an element to the stream . if that element is the same as the last element this buffer saw , it won ' t be added to the stream
Candidate: return the probe and return the return the return the return the return the return the return the return the return the return the return the return the return the
Reference: deletefunctionalitytest # testdelete6 ( ) . todo foreign key functionality is not supported
Candidate: updatefunctionalitytest2 # testupdate7 ( ) subquery . foreign key functionality is not supported
Reference: retrieve a channel instance for the specified topic
Candidate: this is to decode the connection to our channel . we gets the connection is known to the front connection .
Reference: approximates a floatpoint on the line from zero to this point with distance p_new_length from zero .
Candidate: return the first point to the the , the will be returned to the the , dropping the other point .
Reference: inserts a new row into the block .
Candidate: inserts all expanded from from the in the from the previous in and adds them in the previous in the previous
Reference: add configuration for file scanner .
Candidate: removes rdf node ' ' node ' node ' id . ' .
Reference: transfer an interpreted sequence or set of sequences from the reader to the writer . this implementation allows ids to be specified as a range , e . g .
Candidate: binary search length of the repeated string [ ] rather than k than the length .
Reference: computes the perpendicular distance from a point p to the ( infinite ) line containing the points ab
Candidate: compute the result of the two vertices . parallel . .
Reference: returns a copy of the current instance to achieve immutability
Candidate: returns a copy of the current instance to achieve immutability
Reference: runs the test case .
Candidate: runs the test case .
Reference: returns the set of bug ids for fixes included in this build of the directory server .
Candidate: returns the version of product wiki page .
Reference: see the general contract of the readfully method of datainput . bytes for this operation are read from the contained input stream .
Candidate: reads the bytes of the chart .
Reference: creates the gui of the component .
Candidate: creates the gui of the component .
Reference: returns whether the sdk is the jellybean release or later .
Candidate: util true if device is defined .
Reference: constructs a new zero partial correlation distribution function with the given values for n and k .
Candidate: constructs a new n - 1 from the 1 - 1 j , 1 and compute the 1 matrix for 1 .
Reference: check whether selinux is enabled or not .
Candidate: checks if the events .
Reference: initialises and checks validity of files . this objects tostring ( ) method changes to reflect failures in validation in order for the user to be informed .
Candidate: writes a local address to a local file .
Reference: adds a response listener on the requests
Candidate: add an unbounded two action .
Reference: calculate the log likelihood of the current state .
Candidate: calculate the log likelihood of the current state
Reference: returns true if there are dead states reachable from an initial state .
Candidate: returns true if there are dead states reach an instance of reach .
Reference: subtracts two decimal objects
Candidate: subtracts two money objects
Reference: reteurns true if ( from1 , to1 ) = = ( from2 , to2 ) .
Candidate: compares two state environments for equality .
Reference: reads characters from reader until the first eol has been read . the first character after the eol is returned . in case the end of the character stream has
Candidate: read the originid ' s character , and returns the next character . .
Reference: https : / / docs . docker . com / engine / reference / api / docker_remote_api_v1 . 24 / section 3 . 4 volumes - list volumes
Candidate: invoke a a
Reference: converts a base64 encoded key into a bytebuffer
Candidate: convert a byte to an unsigned byte .
Reference: step in the animation . will compute the current progress as well .
Candidate: updates the clock to the current offset .
Reference: this is used to load a previously marked set of bytes into the stringbuilder without escaping . it expects the caller to have set a save point so that the
Candidate: this method to build the contents of the buffer .
Reference: creates signaturewrappingoracle , parses the document and searches for all the signaturevalue and keyinfo elements
Candidate: adds an instance of " % .
Reference: fully construct an arbitrary length path node with all required annotations .
Candidate: add a statement in the given object . the is created in the is created in the buffer is created .
Reference: adds wheel changing listener
Candidate: adds wheel changing listener
Reference: read a % yaml directive number : this is either the major or the minor part . stop reading at a non - digit character ( usually either ' .
Candidate: find a random flow at a position ; position that is a end flow at a position .
Reference: tobitstring - returns a string representation of i [ ] .
Candidate: convert a comma - delimited string .
Reference: converts the float samples in a complex buffer to a little endian 16 - bit buffer
Candidate: reads a single using a single using the default bit as the datagram .
Reference: check if a received token is ok .
Candidate: returns a unique key if a node was a in a key .
Reference: util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
Candidate: util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
Reference: expands all paths in the tree .
Candidate: add the tree tree tree the tree tree .
Reference: describe the vocabularies which are in use in the kb based on the predicate partition statistics .
Candidate: tests to handle an event to the correct order .
Reference: invokeany ( c ) throws nullpointerexception if c has null elements
Candidate: invokeany ( c ) throws nullpointerexception if c completes
Reference: a coordinate descent algorithm for l1 - loss and l2 - loss epsilon - svr dual problem min_ \ beta 0 . 5 \ beta ^ t ( q +
Candidate: log the probability of of the probability of the variables .
Reference: create an action with a specific title . < p > note that the argument is the action title , not the title of the resulting frame . perhaps this
Candidate: creates a new instance .
Reference: generates an x - values array filled with numbers in range specified by the parameters . can be used for convenience .
Candidate: generates an range with can be filled by numbers in the specified range .
Reference: compareto ( biginteger a ) . compare two numbers of different signs . the first is positive .
Candidate: compareto ( biginteger a ) . compare two positive numbers .
Reference: put the service under the given attribute value for the given defining class and field , if it isn ' t already there . return the hashmap for the given
Candidate: put the given service under the given defining under the given defining under the given defining field for under the given class under the given defining class under the given
Reference: creates a new decoder that decodes the specified uri . the decoder will assume that the query string is encoded in utf - 8 .
Candidate: creates a new decoder that decodes the specified uri in the decoder .
Reference: convert rgb color to cmyk color .
Candidate: convert rgb color to cmyk color .
Reference: removes a listener from the set of listeners
Candidate: removes a listener from the set of listeners
Reference: simplifies a common use case of showing an error message with an error icon that fades out after a few seconds
Candidate: prints a message message to the logging message .
Reference: parses a name - value - pair with the given parser .
Candidate: parses a given name with the given parser .
Reference: removes all characters which appear in string bag from string s .
Candidate: removes all characters which do not appear in string bag characters in string .
Reference: returns the trigonometric cosine of the specified angle in radians .
Candidate: returns the trigonometric cosine of the specified angle in radians .
Reference: formats the given number to the given number of decimals , and returns the number as a string , maximum 35 characters .
Candidate: formats the given number to the given number of decimals , and returns the maximum number of characters .
Reference: destroy all fragments and loaders .
Candidate: increments the appropriate for appropriate this field .
Reference: method for beancontextchild interface .
Candidate: method for beancontextchild interface .
Reference: helper function to ascertain the existence of a file and return true / false appropriately
Candidate: helper function to ascertain the existence of a file and return true false appropriately
Reference: create a windowsfileattributes from a win32_find_data structure
Candidate: create a windowsfileattributes from a win32_file_attribute_data structure
Reference: flatten a map into an xmlserializer . the map can later be read back with readthismapxml ( ) . this method presumes that the start tag and name attribute have
Candidate: flatten an attribute value into an xmlserializer . the map can later be read back with readthismapxml ( ) .
Reference: fire event to the rippler pane manually
Candidate: fire an event event event event event event event event event event event event event event event event event event event event event event event event event event event event
Reference: whether the query ( source or target side query of a reconciliation ) returns full entry data , or just ids if explicitly configured , returns that setting . if
Candidate: checks if the see if the associated of the the plot if the plot .
Reference: determines if the given member is a tla + module
Candidate: tells whether the given name is able either as the or initializer or non - - or - or - or - or - or - or - or -
Reference: write annotation item into current section .
Candidate: get the given value of the given field to the given map .
Reference: pack ipv4 address and match - all socket flag into a long .
Candidate: produces a supplemental integer into a ' s because it because it because because it because it because it because it because it because it because it because it because
Reference: determines whether a given revision contains a given template name
Candidate: creates a unique id a unique id for a given id specified id .
Reference: retrieve all the account info requests from the given start date .
Candidate: retrieves all mailbox dump requests from the given date .
Reference: draws a cylinder for the given parameters .
Candidate: draws the given rectangle with the given rectangle . draws the given rectangle .
Reference: add a list of strings .
Candidate: parses a line of arguments except a builder builder , e . g . a new line is returned to a new line of a new line is returned .
Reference: walks the provided parse tree using the list of listeners .
Candidate: this a list of a list of all supported .
Reference: read on char . like datainputstream . readchar except little endian .
Candidate: read datainputstream . readchar except little endian .
Reference: determines how two dates compare up to no more than the specified most significant field .
Candidate: determines how two dates compare the given field .
Reference: splits a word in two word .
Candidate: removes a word locations that word word has word word has word word has word and word that contains word word has the word word has word word has word
Reference: does a given url point to google book search , regardless of domain .
Candidate: does a point to google book given url , regardless of domain .
Reference: returns the relative path for a fully qualified classname . adds " src / " before the pathname for the class . strips away internal class names .
Candidate: converts the file name to the file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file
Reference: removes the title prefix .
Candidate: removes an entry from the internal plot .
Reference: send the message and wait for replies
Candidate: send the message in the message in the
Reference: is relevant service . used as filter for the incoming events .
Candidate: returns true if the equals is contains a specific or equals .
Reference: test for equality , coping with nulls .
Candidate: tests for equality for coping with nulls . .
Reference: search for car by road number
Candidate: search for engine road road road road road number .
Reference: convert class name to slashed format . if the class name is already in slashed format , it is returned unmodified .
Candidate: resolves a name to a constant ' s name .
Reference: average precision - computes for each relevant label the percentage of relevant labels among all labels that are ranked before it .
Candidate: read length from from a fixed length length
Reference: finds an existing location or creates a new location if needed requires location ' s name creates a unique id for this location
Candidate: creates a namedbean object created outside the manager manager .
Reference: closes tree map and reclaims memory .
Candidate: does nothing if does not already exist . does nothing does nothing does nothing does nothing does nothing does nothing does nothing does nothing does nothing does nothing does nothing
Reference: remove oma download info from sharedprefs .
Candidate: remove oma download info from sharedprefs .
Reference: indicates whether the path of the android sdk home directory is specified in a local . properties file .
Candidate: checks if the project is present in a project file .
Reference: returns a boolean indicating whether a bundle contains properties that could be a valid saved token .
Candidate: returns true if we can be saved in the current delay .
Reference: we call this to guarantee that we fetch a fresh policy from the server . this is to be used if the url is invalid .
Candidate: we call this to guarantee that we fetch a fresh policy from the server . if the url is invalid .
Reference: returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection with respect to the named event
Candidate: returns true if this , at the time , the object will accept a connection via the named event
Reference: raises the x and y values of a vector2 to the given power .
Candidate: returns a power of the given x , i . e .
Reference: invokes the specified parameterless method if it exists .
Candidate: invokes the specified accessible parameterless method if it exists .
Reference: load input stream as a lua binary chunk if the first 4 bytes are the lua binary signature .
Candidate: load through input stream into an input stream will be passed through it into another input stream into a input stream .
Reference: add a button to the panel .
Candidate: add the button to the specified button .
Reference: set up a reaction to requests matching certain criteria . the supplied responsesource will be invoked for each request that matches the supplied matcher .
Candidate: validates that results request request request request request request request response response response response response response response response response response request response response response response response response response response response
Reference: commits changes in page to input .
Candidate: clears the set of the the distribution .
Reference: provides a utility method breaks a given string to array of string according to the given separator
Candidate: splits the given element into a into a string .
Reference: this method inserts an entry for a " twin " instruction immediately after the original entry . if the instruction is not found in the gc map an exception is
Candidate: attempt to call this will an sometimes inst in this instruction is currently indicated in this entry will be at one or not per end of the indicated element .
Reference: creates a new instance of a class .
Candidate: returns a new instance of the specified class .
Reference: constructs a new parser for the given format string .
Candidate: constructs a new instance with the given string .
Reference: converts an iterator to a string by concatenating all of the string representations of objects in the iterator , divided by a separator .
Candidate: returns a string representation of the elements .
Reference: check whether this matcher has reached " max - size " or not .
Candidate: determines whether this is be used for the given being used to be used to be used to be used to be used because we should be used to be
Reference: schedules a playlist save task . subsequent calls to this method will be ignored until the save event occurs , thus limiting repetitive playlist saving to a minimum .
Candidate: schedules the task to the clock .
Reference: this variable needs to be read if any of it ' s subsidiary variables needs to be read .
Candidate: needs to be written to variable ' s subsidiary variables needs to be written .
Reference: invoked when an action occurs .
Candidate: responds to the canceladd button
Reference: converts a vector to a string
Candidate: print the text representation of the classifier .
Reference: return a integer object with same value
Candidate: cast an integer value to int sometimes cfml ) .
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table company
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table user_roles
Reference: send a verbose log message .
Candidate: send a verbose log message .
Reference: commit all index memory changes to disk
Candidate: searches when the flags can be populated between symbol optional symbol and optional symbol 1st symbol builder
Reference: compute and return the score for a match with e errors and x location .
Candidate: compute and return the score for a match with e . e . e . e . e . e . e . e . e . e . e
Reference: if deltay > 0 , move the content down
Candidate: if deltay > 0 , move the content down
Reference: copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one . these mappings replace any mappings that this map had for any of the keys currently in the
Candidate: copies all of the mappings in this map . these mappings replace any mappings mappings that the map had of the one of the keys currently for the specified of
Reference: inserts a string into the content .
Candidate: apply the contents to a updated .
Reference: obtains the string representation of this object .
Candidate: obtains the string representation of this object .
Reference: writes the data until there ' s space available
Candidate: loads the byte to the
Reference: copy input to output and close the output stream before returning
Candidate: read the standard input reader to the standard input reader .
Reference: check that a number of bookies are available
Candidate: do that is the the number of that is not for the initial .
Reference: returns dst , the unrotated pixel location of the map .
Candidate: takes the contents of the given target and the target , applying back with the given point back to the target .
Reference: asserts that the given code closure fails when it is evaluated and that a particular type of exception is thrown .
Candidate: asserts that the closure is a closure that is exception is evaluated that it is a particular exception .
Reference: writes a raw packet to the desired interface . a l2 header will be added which includes the specified destination address , our source mac , and the specified protocol
Candidate: writes a raw packet to the desired interface , which l2 , which includes the specified source address , which will be added to the specified destination address , which
Reference: process an attribute string of type t_yesno into a boolean value .
Candidate: process an attribute string of an t_yesno into a boolean value .
Reference: load pbartner dependent order / invoice / shipment field .
Candidate: compare a security type
Reference: this method will search list of wo ' s for the given criteria and eligible for mb . criteriamap will have : contractor_id , create_date , tender_no , workorder_no ,
Candidate: this method ' eligible for mb , eligible for mb . criteriamap ' eligible eligible eligible eligible eligible eligible eligible eligible eligible eligible eligible eligible eligible eligible eligible eligible eligible
Reference: creates a time period for the week in which the specified date / time falls , calculated relative to the specified time zone .
Candidate: creates a since don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don
Reference: create a queue of lock requests for a resource .
Candidate: create a lock of lock lock for a queue .
Reference: create the signed certificate request . this will later be retrieved in either string or binary format .
Candidate: add the certificate to the output signs .
Reference: schedule a task that starts immediately
Candidate: initiates a reporter - specific action .
Reference: abbreviate a string by simply truncating it .
Candidate: abbreviate a string by simply truncating it .
Reference: local method to stop a wraparound test
Candidate: test helper method to test and test and test .
Reference: check if a row index is valid .
Candidate: fill the row column .
Reference: helper method called to empty all shared symbols , but to leave arrays allocated
Candidate: helper method to reset all symbols leave input arrays .
Reference: determine the enemy potential for blitzing a territory - all enemies are combined
Candidate: apply a enemy potential , blitzing for blitzing all nodes of a given territory , which are enemies are enabled ,
Reference: returns a new name containing the pieces from this name plus the given identifier added on the end .
Candidate: returns the added from the given the given name added to the end of this identifier .
Reference: parses a string date into a java date object
Candidate: return the first time from the window .
Reference: returns a string representation of the message data . todo : broadcasts , ( answer ) note number , escaping
Candidate: this method should be & lt ; br & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & &
Reference: is the argument a white space character according to the pdf spec ? . iso spec 32000 - 1 : 2008 - table 1
Candidate: tells if the given is is whitespace .
Reference: unregister filter ( it won ' t get anymore events )
Candidate: remove a filter filter filter .
Reference: removes the specified classifiers .
Candidate: removes the attributes of the datasets .
Reference: add a property change listener
Candidate: add a property change listener
Reference: returns the number of checkpoints that were loaded .
Candidate: returns the chip
Reference: add element at the end
Candidate: remove next combobox from combobox
Reference: add the urls for listening
Candidate: add the urls for listening
Reference: adds the passed virtual array uris to the set of virtual array uris assigned to the resources by the user .
Candidate: removes the passed virtualarray uris from the set of virtualarrays assigned to the user .
Reference: checks if is cell editable .
Candidate: determines the actual values .
Reference: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Candidate: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Reference: ends a drag in the trash can , clearing state and deleting blocks as needed .
Candidate: reset the current state state .
Reference: helper for concatenating several arrays .
Candidate: takes the list of the the list of the provided list .
Reference: the given pattern must be a pattern . if it does not consist entirely of directed and undirected edges and if it is not acyclic , it is rejected .
Candidate: constructs a new vertices in a graph .
Reference: check a field that defines a custom catalog
Candidate: returns true if the value is a valid value .
Reference: sets timeout to idle_thread_timeout
Candidate: add a thread with the default thread .
Reference: very naive ssdp discovery packet detection
Candidate: checks if the given string can be used in the case of the .
Reference: intercept refresh view and loading view
Candidate: inserts a child at the specified index . < p > note that will be at one portion of another path .
Reference: restores the selection after a model event / sort order changes . all coordinates are in terms of the model .
Candidate: removes the specified of the model .
Reference: gets the curent contents of this byte stream as a byte array . the result is independent of this stream .
Candidate: gets the curent contents of this byte stream as a byte array . the result is independent of this stream .
Reference: cleanups after each tests .
Candidate: clears the cached cache .
Reference: blocks until the listener has consume the specified number of matching events , blocking at most the specified number of milliseconds . if this method has not reached the number
Candidate: removes all starting at the given timeout .
Reference: fills up vies from given command
Candidate: fills the sets that represents a sets that sets and sets sets sets sets sets sets sets sets sets sets sets sets sets sets sets sets sets sets sets sets
Reference: compareto ( biginteger a ) . compare zero to zero .
Candidate: compareto ( biginteger another ) . compare zero to zero .
Reference: generates a normally distributed random number and rounds it .
Candidate: generates a normal random multipart journal .
Reference: determine the current amount of overscroll . if the value is 0 , there is no overscroll . if the value is < 0 , tabs are overscrolling towards the
Candidate: determine if the value is the overscroll . if there is no overscroll . < p > 0 , overscrolling that encapsulates the of the , the is in the
Reference: constructs a new vector with the specified capacity .
Candidate: constructs a new vector with the specified capacity .
Reference: process the invite request .
Candidate: process the invite request .
Reference: initializes logger into / from log reference passed in .
Candidate: deserializes all objects that their sub class
Reference: read receive delay from window returns ' true ' if successful , ' false ' if an error was detected . if an error is detected , a suitable error
Candidate: read an integer window . returns true if is is true if " is detected . returns true if " is " true if successful . if " is "
Reference: writes indents and automatically includes the baseindend from the options .
Candidate: append the specified source to the specified destination .
Reference: returns the hash code of this list . the hash code is calculated by taking each element ' s hashcode into account .
Candidate: returns the hash code of this object .
Reference: parse string value returning a int .
Candidate: parse a long value returning a string value .
Reference: performs handling of java mouse event note that this function should be invoked only from root of menu window ' s hierarchy that grabs input focus
Candidate: clean up left / platform & mouse & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & &
Reference: tests whether the node to be replaced is invalid .
Candidate: returns true if node is inner parent node .
Reference: generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack .
Candidate: generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack .
Reference: notifies listener of a mouse motion event . a motion event is dispatched when no button is currently pressed , in an isolated " one shot " interaction , and
Candidate: called on the touch scroll event was within it was within the screen was within the child was within the view .
Reference: remove a batch clusterer listener
Candidate: remove an threshold classifier listener
Reference: this should only be called by the lock service . calling this method won ' t actually refresh the grant .
Candidate: initializes this call should be resolved .
Reference: removes an object that is known to not be in the relation . this is used for offline caching .
Candidate: clears this object for this object .
Reference: wraps a byte [ ] . this means there is one copy in memory .
Candidate: converts an array of bytes into a byte array .
Reference: start the string parsing . if base is not a string , will return null .
Candidate: helper string to string string string string .
Reference: valueof ( long val ) : convert a negative long value to a biginteger . the long value fits in integer .
Candidate: valueof ( long val ) : convert a negative long value to a biginteger .
Reference: inserts the specified element before the specified position into the receiver . shifts the element currently at that position ( if any ) and any subsequent elements to the right
Candidate: inserts the specified element before the specified position into the receiver . shifts the element currently at that position ( if any ) and any subsequent elements to the right
Reference: increases hash table capacity by lengthening entry arrays .
Candidate: resets the state and its state state and state
Reference: construct a sided plane from a pair of vectors describing points , and including origin , plus a point p which describes the side .
Candidate: construct a sided plane from a normal vectors . vectors p vectors vectors describing the x and y plus a z point .
Reference: checks the inputstream if it contains gzip compressed data
Candidate: checks the inputstream if it contains gzip compressed data
Reference: insert room for operation . this will not set the length value of the operation , but will update the length value for the total expression .
Candidate: insert room for value for this operation for the total length of the expression .
Reference: clears instance cache and deregisters listeners
Candidate: the all the state of the that can be managed by the supplied managed state .
Reference: registers an object that should be decayed . the passed object will have its decay method called when the decaying thread decides it is time for the system to decay
Candidate: creates a list of objects for the native object .
Reference: fails if expectedstring is not found in x
Candidate: ensured output string ends with expectedstring
Reference: removes the classname from the cache .
Candidate: removes the cache from the cache .
Reference: failedstage returns a completionstage completed exceptionally with the given exception
Candidate: if the root instance is a root instance of root root , it throws a normal instance if it is triggered normal , if it is a normal instance is
Reference: renders the channel configs , lines , labels , and cursor
Candidate: convenience method to the labels parameters using the given parameters and labels .
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: handles the case where a class loader is dropped .
Candidate: handles case where case where the case where the case where case where case where case where case where case where case where case case where case case where case
Reference: delete ( sw , port ) from the list of list of attachment points and oldaps .
Candidate: delete the sw ( ) from the list of .
Reference: checks if a class node is assignable to another . this is used for example in assignment checks where you want to verify that the assignment is valid .
Candidate: does true types of types types depending types of types of types types types .
Reference: total number of files to be recovered ( potentially not yet done )
Candidate: total number of files recovered ) that potentially have been reached yet .
Reference: constructs and animgameitem instace based on a md5 model an md5 animation
Candidate: constructs and animgameitem instace based on md5 model an md5 animation
Reference: construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
Candidate: construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
Reference: deletes the existing assignment between a user and an experiment .
Candidate: adds a keyword keyword keyword keyword keyword keyword keyword keyword keyword keyword keyword keyword keyword keyword keyword keyword keyword keyword keyword keyword keyword keyword keyword keyword keyword keyword keyword keyword
Reference: format a given object .
Candidate: returns a string representation of the given date .
Reference: cas waitstatus field of a node .
Candidate: cas waitstatus field of a node .
Reference: returns the singleton instance , creating if necessary . an instance of com . caucho . server . admin . prothreaddump will be returned if available and licensed . prothreaddump
Candidate: create a new daytimecondition
Reference: starts audio playback once audio buffer is almost full and remaining capacity falls below the start threshold .
Candidate: initializes the buffer available buffer the buffer buffer buffer buffer buffer buffer buffer buffer buffer buffer buffer buffer buffer buffer buffer buffer buffer buffer buffer buffer buffer buffer buffer buffer
Reference: checks if all keywords in filter array are in input
Candidate: checks true if the predicate matches against the predicate .
Reference: removes and returns first element , or null if empty .
Candidate: removes and returns first element , or null if empty .
Reference: executes the downloadrunnable using the provided monitor to update the user and provide cancel capabilities .
Candidate: used to out the info from the info to the output response .
Reference: initialize the document builder factory so that it can be reused and does not need to be reinitialized for each parse action .
Candidate: initialize the builder builder .
Reference: returns the standard error of the estimate for the intercept .
Candidate: returns the standard error of the estimate for the intercept .
Reference: create missing attribute values
Candidate: update the commit for update
Reference: this method replaces all \ to / .
Candidate: assumes that the path ' s path path . assumes that assumes that assumes that assumes that assumes that assumes that assumes that assumes that assumes that assumes that assumes
Reference: creates a background thread that will call the launch notifier when the process terminates .
Candidate: start the daemon thread .
Reference: encode the acl to the given buffer
Candidate: removes all the entry state the configuration .
Reference: transforms " something $ dir $ / other / " to " something / path / to / hidden / other / "
Candidate: extract the encoded encoded things .
Reference: keep private . call only when holding lock .
Candidate: return true to return true
Reference: allow us to update value ( and sync to gui version if exists
Candidate: create a new likelihood , , d , extract a coalescent probability partner attribute , , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 ,
Reference: checks if another objects is available by attempting to read another byte from the stream .
Candidate: helper method to check to see if the input stream has been reached .
Reference: creates a display string of a parameter list ( without the parentheses ) for the given parameter types and names .
Candidate: convenience method for type methods of the given string methods and appends methods to the given parameter types . < p > the method handles method method method handles method
Reference: execute this call to fill in heartbeat data on the slave . this call must be invoked after a heartbeat event is applied .
Candidate: note : we should be be be be be be be be be be be be be be be be be be be be be be be be be be
Reference: decrypt an encapsulated session key .
Candidate: generate a unique key key key . key key .
Reference: loads the private key of this process
Candidate: loads some configuration of the processes key .
Reference: removes a listener for changes of registered snapshot categories .
Candidate: removes a listener from the specified strategy .
Reference: will return true if any extensions are present and marked as critical as we currently dont handle any extensions !
Candidate: will return true if any extensions are present and marked as critical as we currently dont handle any extensions !
Reference: zgetweeknumberforasevendayrange , this returns a week number for the specified seven day range , according to the supplied weekfieldrules . if all seven days fall on the same week number
Candidate: this implementation uses the specified date specified amount of the specified date date date specified date by this specified date when the specified date is specified by the specified date
Reference: returns true iff str is not an element of array .
Candidate: check if the given string is a string .
Reference: returns a copy of the given node or subtree with this document as its owner .
Candidate: returns a copy of the given node or subtree with its owner .
Reference: libsecp256k1 cleanup - this destroys the secp256k1 context object this should be called at the end of the program for proper cleanup of the context .
Candidate: libsecp256k1 cleanup the at destroys the secp256k1 the end of the cleanup context . this cleanup the cleanup context the cleanup context . the cleanup context . the cleanup context
Reference: initialize the background task to be run every hour . at each run that task will walk through the invalid login records and clean all expired records .
Candidate: initialize the log app .
Reference: creates a randomized list of urls for the given shard .
Candidate: build a list of a search state . < p / > the first creates a search state for each of a selected state .
Reference: get reader to response body using given character set . < p > this will fall back to using the utf - 8 character set if the given charset is
Candidate: returns the body body using the given utf 8 character and reader < p > if the given charset will fall back using utf - 8
Reference: creates the zlib bytes for pdf images
Candidate: convenience function calculates see us above using us mode using us mode using us mode using us mode using us mode using us mode using us mode using us mode
Reference: defines a new vertex with the given id . the depth - first search is performed in the relative order in which vertexes were added to the graph .
Candidate: updates the edge with the coordinates update updates updates updates updates updates updates updates updates updates updates updates updates updates updates updates updates updates updates updates updates updates updates updates
Reference: set up all of the other objects to operate with a server connected to this application .
Candidate: initializes a new thread screenshot notify that the mxminimumcycleremover .
Reference: returns the index starting at the specified index ( two characters at a time ) .
Candidate: returns the index of the specified character starting at the specified index the specified index of the specified index the specified index the specified index the specified index the specified
Reference: calculate the requirements for the minor axis . this is called by the superclass whenever the requirements need to be updated ( i . e . a preferencechanged was messaged
Candidate: change the tables of the table indexes .
Reference: appends an int ( little endian ) in the buffer
Candidate: concatenates the contents of the ascii character .
Reference: uploads a new let binding to ghci
Candidate: returns a mode using the mode .
Reference: displays this node as a string , implementing explorenode interface ; depth parameter is a bound on the depth of the portion of the tree that is displayed .
Candidate: returns a shop for the given edge .
Reference: creates a new descriptor instance .
Candidate: perform method constructs a hierarchical type to perform an alias to perform rules on the given type using the given target type .
Reference: bulk load the tree
Candidate: find the distance between two nodes .
Reference: forward project a lat / lon poly . this is a complex method . please read the in - code documentation for an explanation of the algorithm .
Candidate: performs a lat / lon poly . please this documentation algorithm .
Reference: remove categories that contain a year in them ( starting with 19__ or 20__ ) , except for this year and previous year rationale : https : / / github
Candidate: remove the categories for https : / remove / github ( ) https rationale : https : https : https : https : https : https : / / github
Reference: creates a new data provider event .
Candidate: creates a new with the provided of the provided arguments provided .
Reference: validate the bean is not null ; then validate its fields
Candidate: this method returns a if the of a set of parameters are expected to parallel . note that this method does nothing if they are expected to the same of
Reference: set the indent of a bracket based on the command provided in the supplied document .
Candidate: should be called after the new on the command line after the new on the provided context .
Reference: attempts to set the formatting template and returns a string which contains the formatted version of the digits entered so far .
Candidate: validates that the tweet does something does not available in the username where the username where the username wrong s username indicated username where there is available wrong .
Reference: fill picks . column_id from c_order
Candidate: create the event for
Reference: creates a copy of the field .
Candidate: creates a copy of the field .
Reference: create a zero number from a sign and an array of zero length . the sign is 1 .
Candidate: create a negative number of a sign and an array of bytes . the number of bytes is 4 . the most significant byte is negative .
Reference: cast object to type t .
Candidate: cast object to type t .
Reference: schedules a file to be deleted when jvm exits . if file is directory delete it and all sub - directories .
Candidate: schedules a file to delete all sub - directory . if it is be deleted .
Reference: initialize and do work where other steps need to wait for . . .
Candidate: initialize and work where other steps need to wait for other steps .
Reference: bypass the cache and the speedy image drawing and directly paint the jeditorpane to the context . required for printing in svg format which would turn out pixelated if it
Candidate: updates the state of the user in the user .
Reference: add point to the result set .
Candidate: add to add the point to add up to to add the next task to
Reference: obtain a configuration instance by loading the properties from the supplied reader .
Candidate: reads from the configuration file from the reader .
Reference: adds an item to this instance . this will in turn tell the given item that it has been added to this instance . it is invalid to add the
Candidate: adds the list to the list list .
Reference: updates the xml representation to contain this annotation .
Candidate: create a element that is defined in xml dom document .
Reference: reads a boolean from the source stream .
Candidate: reads a boolean from the stream ( 8 ) .
Reference: returns an enumeration of the additional measure names
Candidate: returns an enumeration of the additional measure names .
Reference: initializes the format for the dataset produced . must be called before the generateexample or generateexamples methods are used . re - initializes the random number generator with the given
Candidate: initializes the dataset for the dataset produced format . be called before the generateexample or generateexamples methods are re used for random format . re - used for re -
Reference: log gamma function : ln ( gamma ( alpha ) ) for alpha > 0 , accurate to 10 decimal places
Candidate: returns natural logarithm of gamma function .
Reference: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Candidate: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Reference: this method will start the text ticker
Candidate: performs a new of the the .
Reference: return a ciphersuite with the given id . a temporary object is constructed if the id is unknown . use isavailable ( ) to verify that the ciphersuite can actually
Candidate: computes the algorithm whose its its its its its its its its non - its call to its signed .
Reference: creates and populates a pendingactioncontext .
Candidate: update the the the the the the
Reference: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Candidate: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Reference: displays the annotations of the droidsafe text markers for the given class name in the given java editor .
Candidate: fetches the position in the provided position in the provided position discover provided match the provided location .
Reference: will resolve type of new expression
Candidate: sets the the to the adapter .
Reference: given a list of sizes of a similar aspect ratio , it tries to pick evenly spaced out options . it starts with the largest , then tries to find
Candidate: returns the list of the given vertices .
Reference: verifies the passed logrecord to check for tampering .
Candidate: verifies the passed logrecord to check for tampering .
Reference: copies the given transferable to the system ' s clipboard .
Candidate: writes a given container to system flags .
Reference: format the download percent
Candidate: convert a line to a file .
Reference: translate attributes that describe an attribute definition into the string description as defined in rfc 2252 .
Candidate: this method searches to see if the attribute is currently needed to the string element . if the attribute is already present , and convert to parse an attribute ,
Reference: updates the actions in each text just before showing the popup menu .
Candidate: updates the actions in the text in the popup menu .
Reference: a recursive call to make a collection and all it ' s values immutable .
Candidate: makes a collection makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
Reference: adds all images associated with the hex to the specified tracker
Candidate: adds the given data to the the , and adds them to the .
Reference: parse string to datetime
Candidate: parse a string representation of
Reference: this method checks that this processor matches the supplied business txn name and node details .
Candidate: move the resource for the node
Reference: perform a power - on self test by processing some example input data .
Candidate: this method is used by iterating over the ' s iterator .
Reference: stores the edges for a visited triangle . also pushes sym ( neighbour ) edges on stack to visit later .
Candidate: this method that computes the locals under the same state on the given and the the first departure , since the other rectangles is located on the given . the
Reference: returns a ( possibly empty ) collection view of the crls read from the given input stream instream . the instream may contain a sequence of der - encoded crls
Candidate: returns a collection of the crls from the given input stream instream .
Reference: deletes the extended entity configuration under the realm .
Candidate: creates an empty descriptor signature . this attribute .
Reference: returns singleton instance of datasourceviewsmanager .
Candidate: returns singleton instance of datasourcewindowmanager .
Reference: return a tag , maybe formatted with color
Candidate: escapes a string in a string .
Reference: use the cachexmlgenerator to create xml from the entity associated with the current cache .
Candidate: override the map with the given map .
Reference: extract id from the http request .
Candidate: request user id id id id id id
Reference: decompress contents using zlib .
Candidate: adds a step to the last of nodes
Reference: read from monitored file , report any changed values for monitored socket statistics . not thread - safe , only call from a single thread .
Candidate: removes from from from the - .
Reference: closes this reader . this implementation closes the buffered source reader and releases the buffer . nothing is done if this reader has already been closed .
Candidate: closes this reader . releases the buffered reader . closes this reader closes nothing .
Reference: compare the remaining chars of this buffer to another char buffer ' s remaining chars .
Candidate: returns the buffer to the buffer ' s buffer .
Reference: writes the header for zones csv file
Candidate: writes the header of csv csv header the specification of csv csv csv header .
Reference: average aggregate function which will add all the aggregate values and it will increment the total count every time , for average value
Candidate: this method will update the aggregate values across the supplied update
Reference: returns the notification xml node
Candidate: creates xml xml dom xml xml xml xml xml xml xml xml xml xml xml xml xml xml xml xml xml xml xml xml xml xml xml xml xml xml
Reference: force buffered operations to the filesystem .
Candidate: force buffered operations to the filesystem .
Reference: attempts to locate the class specified by classname to instantiate with the given objectarray
Candidate: convert an object to the native interface .
Reference: decodes a field name from xml notation ( e . g . my - field - name ) to a valid java field name ( e . g . myfieldname
Candidate: decodes a field field name notation ( e . g . my - field - field name ) name to java field . g . myfieldname ) name ) name
Reference: return true if either login / pass is set or if oauth is enabled
Candidate: whether this header is allowed to allowed .
Reference: adds a content item .
Candidate: adds a content items .
Reference: create a proper class name from a messy thing . turn / or \ into . , remove leading class and trailing . class note : this makes lots of
Candidate: convert a class name to a java class name .
Reference: pause for the specified milliseconds . make sure system clock has advanced by the specified number of millis before returning .
Candidate: pauses getting pause the required specific time required . getting required format .
Reference: indicates if neighbor nodes with edges currently not visible still get highlighted .
Candidate: indicates whether the forms is able to be able to get the tiles in the .
Reference: prepare job with mappers to cancel .
Candidate: train and load job from the source file .
Reference: removes wheel changing listener
Candidate: removes wheel changing listener
Reference: convert lsf frequencies into lpc coefficients . the analysis filter may be reconstructed : a ( z ) = 1 / 2 [ p ( z ) + q (
Candidate: decodes a transform value into a result .
Reference: create fields for injections inside main class
Candidate: remove the loading element hierarchy
Reference: determine if in flight
Candidate: returns true if the next is able to handle false otherwise .
Reference: initialize ; cached threadpool is safe as it is releasing resources automatically if idle
Candidate: create a new thread for initializes the specified thread .
Reference: removes each substring of the source string that matches the given regular expression using the dotall option .
Candidate: removes the substring from the provided string .
Reference: consume the final unconsumed nested scroll after all behaviors done .
Candidate: let the control mutex ' s happening sprite . able movement approach able to idp flows . handles idp idp handles idp idp handles idp idp handles idp idp .
Reference: retrieves waypoints matching the given query from the database .
Candidate: removes all of the strength .
Reference: cancels all the pending noxitem downloads to the imageloader .
Candidate: called after the image after the after the after the after after after after after after after after after after after after after after after after after after after after
Reference: returns the number of elements in this deque .
Candidate: returns the number of elements in this deque .
Reference: insert at the end of the list
Candidate: adds the to the list .
Reference: closes dialog ( if opened ) .
Candidate: cleans up the view when the view .
Reference: the text compaction mode includes all the printable ascii characters ( i . e . values from 32 to 126 ) and three ascii control characters : ht or tab
Candidate: the text compaction mode includes all ascii characters from the printable ascii characters . i . e . . 126 ) and control ht tab in ht or tab
Reference: create a new file / image / media attachment for a chat channel .
Candidate: create a new file / media attachment / a chat channel .
Reference: adds a parameter to the function parameter list . sets the parent of the param node to this node .
Candidate: add to add a node widget to this node .
Reference: constructs a deleteevent from the json serialized representation .
Candidate: convert a new data object into a regular functions .
Reference: check if the full copy volume could be restored .
Candidate: check if the full copy could be resynchronized .
Reference: dstring = 1 * utf8 qdstring = whsp " ' " dstring " ' " whsp qdstringlist = [ qdstring * ( qdstring ) ] qdstrings = qdstring / (
Candidate: join a symbol digit as an array , i . e .
Reference: returns true if the buffer is too large to be added to the buffer cache , false otherwise .
Candidate: read the unsigned file from the buffer buffer .
Reference: only for test purposes this should not be called from any product code . calls from product code will possibly cause continous reevaluation ( performance issue ) or incorrect query
Candidate: resets the thread that have mock leaks .
Reference: must return a proper response to this request .
Candidate: the the export hadoop instance for the the minor exchange . g .
Reference: check the external storage and notify user on error .
Candidate: check if destination device is successfully .
Reference: returns either the plural or singular form of the given noun , depending on the quantity .
Candidate: returns the signatures of the signatures signatures signatures signatures signatures signatures signatures signatures signatures signatures signatures signatures signatures signatures signatures signatures signatures signatures signatures signatures signatures signatures signatures signatures signatures
Reference: verify the signature of the xml document
Candidate: verify the the xml of signatures as the xml of the the string signatures as the signatures of created
Reference: adds a video to the adapter and notify the change .
Candidate: adds a video data to the adapter . this method does not change the adapter
Reference: determines if the specified coordinate is in the target touch zone for a horizontal bar handle .
Candidate: determines if the specified coordinate is in the target touch zone for a horizontal bar handle .
Reference: reads the transport systems of the visum file
Candidate: reads the link of the visum file
Reference: makes sure the nal has a header or not .
Candidate: makes sure the nal header has the header or not .
Reference: method that needs to be called , if the main hash structure is ( may be ) shared . this happens every time something is added , even if addition
Candidate: this helper method to be called after this happens when something ( shared , leave of
Reference: adds multifield entry , equivalent of : | tab_name | multifield # index # itemtype | multifieldlabel # itemlabel | value |
Candidate: adds fieldset entry defined by example : = unsigned 0 operands | = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
Reference: returns the number of members ( name / value pairs ) in this object .
Candidate: returns the number of members / value pairs in this object .
Reference: generate array of n d - dimensional points whose coordinates are values in the range 0 . . scale
Candidate: generate array of n d - dimensional points whose coordinates are values in the range 0 . scale
Reference: parses a comma - separated list of authentification scheme parameters .
Candidate: parses the parameters and parameters parameters .
Reference: adds a new session token for a particular site .
Candidate: extracts a new token for a particular site .
Reference: deserializes the gradle distribution from the the given string representation .
Candidate: correct formatting to verify that the correct file .
Reference: returns the ratio of meters to pixels at the center of the screen
Candidate: depending on equation changes on the screen . how scaling is performed on screen .
Reference: sends a byte array over the already - established data socket
Candidate: helper method to see if the given key is a in the .
Reference: add a new parsing context onto the parse context stack .
Candidate: push the context of the specified context .
Reference: open the go page .
Candidate: hook to send to initialize to to be saved to convert to to
Reference: initialise the finite state transducer .
Candidate: creates an file from a file file .
Reference: calcualtes x_i = ( x_i - mean ( x ) ) / std ( x ) this function can deal with nans
Candidate: returns a double - 1 .
Reference: adds the given location to the table
Candidate: adds the to to the table
Reference: creates a javaformatter with the target line delimiter .
Candidate: creates a new worddelimiteriterator external dialog .
Reference: encodes a string into its quoted - printable form using the specified charset . unsafe characters are escaped .
Candidate: encodes a string into its quoted - printable form using the specified charset . unsafe characters are escaped .
Reference: checks if more paths should be preloaded and preloads them if needed .
Candidate: check that see if see if the are valid to the valid values are valid .
Reference: warning : assumes strictly bifurcating tree .
Candidate: warning : assumes strictly bifurcating tree .
Reference: is input column name allowed
Candidate: return true if the column are allowed to be lowercase .
Reference: converts the given hex - color - string to rgb .
Candidate: convert a string to a hex - prefixes .
Reference: add a property change listener to this bean
Candidate: add a property change listener to this bean
Reference: test if driver returns correctly empty and null blobs .
Candidate: tests to create an appropriate exception .
Reference: util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
Candidate: util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
Reference: creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
Candidate: creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
Reference: subtract a number from zero . the number is negative .
Candidate: subtract a number from zero .
Reference: restore the graph vertex locations from a file
Candidate: restores the previous instance to change the previous previous previous previous previous previous previous previous previous previous previous previous previous previous previous previous previous previous previous previous previous previous previous
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: wait until data is ready in this region
Candidate: make the current available as far .
Reference: fill an array with the values of a minimum 4 - sample blackman - harris window function
Candidate: fill an array with the sample values of the values blackman - harris window function
Reference: some key wrap algorithms make use of the key checksum defined in cms [ cms - algorithms ] . this is used to provide an integrity check value for the
Candidate: use some key algorithms make defined checksum defined in cms [ cms - algorithms ] . this is used to provide an integrity check value for the
Reference: returns the hash code of this user object .
Candidate: returns the hash code for this classconstant object .
Reference: used for incrementing the number of packets received from the client
Candidate: returns true if the current time has a to the transit .
Reference: parse the given text string and create a sentence object using the current matching flags .
Candidate: ensures that the given " " , i . e . " is " to be " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
Reference: set the parent directory where the brokers logs and server ' s logs and snapshots will be kept .
Candidate: blocking the blocking blocking will be blocking blocking blocking . blocking . blocking . blocking . blocking . blocking . blocking . blocking . blocking . blocking . blocking .
Reference: ensures there is enough space in the buffer for the given number of additional bytes .
Candidate: ensures there is enough space in the buffer for the given number of additional bytes .
Reference: called to notify that a consumption has finished .
Candidate: called to notify that a consumption has finished .
Reference: checks rule part with tag " prosodicposition " ; there is only the " type " attribute right now : checks if prosodic position of a token is the same
Candidate: checks if there is part sentence specialposition sentence part of the same sentence " " attribute .
Reference: return nulls for empty strings , as the entity engine can deal with nulls . this will provide blanks in fields where bigdecimal display . blank meaning null , vs
Candidate: provide nulls for nulls for nulls for nulls for nulls for nulls for nulls for nulls for nulls for nulls for nulls for nulls nulls for nulls nulls for nulls
Reference: registers all operators from a given xml input stream . closes the stream .
Candidate: the method that loads the specified file using the specified name and places the specified component in the specified multipart stream .
Reference: when request permissions on devices before android m ( android 6 . 0 , api level 23 ) do the granted or denied work directly according to the permission status
Candidate: android permissions according to the permission level .
Reference: deletes sub group containers in this group container .
Candidate: removes all unreferenced objects from this object .
Reference: creates a new task with the specified number of ticks between consecutive calls to execute ( ) .
Candidate: creates a new instance runnable on the given runnable . < p > runnable , runnable runnable runnable runnable runnable runnable runnable runnable runnable runnable runnable runnable runnable runnable runnable
Reference: initialize boot image compiler .
Candidate: this method to initialize the system manager .
Reference: open fm device , call before power up
Candidate: returns true if we can be dga of the screens thread .
Reference: send next available byte
Candidate: send next available available
Reference: encode a object to a base64 string
Candidate: write base64 base64 base64 base64 base64 base64 base64 base64 base64 base64 base64 base64 base64 base64 base64 base64 base64 base64 base64 base64 base64 base64 base64 base64 base64 base64 base64 base64 base64
Reference: a service wrapper for the createimagemethod method . forces permissions to be checked .
Candidate: service wrapper for a createelectronictextmethod method . forces permissions to be checked
Reference: add new profiles to the existing list of profiles
Candidate: add new profiles to the existing list of profiles
Reference: an ecmascript identifiername is an identifier or reserved word . this is approximate to avoid bringing in extra dependencies .
Candidate: returns true if the given name is syntactically valid java .
Reference: returns true if x1 is less than x2 , when both values are treated as unsigned long .
Candidate: returns true if x1 is less than x2 , treated as unsigned !
Reference: move a single , unselected node .
Candidate: if the nodes point and point to the start edge nodes .
Reference: create a list from passed objx parameters
Candidate: create a list from passed objx parameters
Reference: adds a macro record to this macro .
Candidate: adds a record to the macro .
Reference: make this method protected to make sure unit test can work well q : where to persist consumer state , i . e . what offset has been consumed for
Candidate: calculate the string of storage in the given string
Reference: adds or updates a emil of an existing user if the . getvalue ( ) already exists a update will be done . if not a new one will be
Candidate: add more qiscus user email to the email group .
Reference: returns the best hash provider supporting at least a stateful implementation of a hash function with the given parameters .
Candidate: returns the hash for the given provider at least one static provider .
Reference: read a fixed size of bytes from the input .
Candidate: read from the read from the read from the read from the read from the .
Reference: using sorting . if we use merge sort or heap sort then ( - ) ( nlogn ) in worst case . if we use quick sort then o (
Candidate: sort sorting heap since transitions is terminated than sorting sorting sorting sorting sorting sorting sorting sorting sorting sorting sorting sorting ( )
Reference: loads the addressbook from file .
Candidate: read from the read file from the current file file .
Reference: calculates the sample likelihood and bic score for i given its parents in a simple sem model
Candidate: calculates the simple set simple set , and set
Reference: removes item from the given position .
Candidate: adds the item to the batch date .
Reference: encodes the list of types and puts them under the specified key in the map .
Candidate: generates the reference of types in the list of types .
Reference: clears internal assertion information storage
Candidate: clears method initializes all the apps persistent worker highlight .
Reference: add operation results to the array to be returned .
Candidate: add the to be completed .
Reference: scan a group starting with primary key of a table , then get all of the children ( if any ) . primary key is set as parameters to the
Candidate: ensures the given row of the given table .
Reference: add a switch port to maintenance queue .
Candidate: add a switch port to maintenance queue .
Reference: links node as first element , or returns false if full .
Candidate: links node as first element , or returns false if full .
Reference: the address of the start ( i . e . , bottom ) of the stack .
Candidate: ( since linux 3 . 5 ) address above which program address are placed in brk ( 2 ' s ) .
Reference: creates default privileges for a newly created realm this method should be called in realm mode only .
Candidate: updates the item in the
Reference: checks if given mimetype is covered by current mimetype
Candidate: returns true if the path types can be a subtype of symbols .
Reference: all these methods simply delegate to the " other " model that is being decorated .
Candidate: returns true if the identity is typically a problem to the problem of the problem .
Reference: tells the builder that a range of code - points is valid .
Candidate: tells the builder that a valid range .
Reference: change the virtualpool for the passed virtual volume on the passed vplex storage system .
Candidate: process a arguments in the export arguments .
Reference: returns true if the user has javascript enabled .
Candidate: totally wipe reset variables to clear the
Reference: compares this prime finite field for equality with the specified object .
Candidate: tests if this object is equal to another object .
Reference: returns the name of this element type .
Candidate: returns the name of this element type .
Reference: closes ' closeable ' , ignoring any checked exceptions . does nothing if ' closeable ' is null .
Candidate: closes ' closeable ' , ignoring any checked exceptions . does nothing if ' closeable ' is null .
Reference: md5 version of the " h ( ) " function from rfc2617 .
Candidate: calculates md5 hashes of the md5 ( ) .
Reference: checks whether the given path points to a file that is a valid skin specification .
Candidate: loads the settings from flat file .
Reference: create a tree for deciding what keys can legally be typed .
Candidate: create a tree for deciding what keys can legally be typed .
Reference: inserts the string representation of an object into this builder . inserting null will use the stored null text value .
Candidate: inserts the string representation of the stored into this builder . inserting null will use the stored null text .
Reference: handles a mouse moved event by updating the tooltip .
Candidate: checks the the for the changes of the , the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the the changes of the the
Reference: returns the number of elements in this deque .
Candidate: returns the number of elements in this deque .
Reference: don ' t call this directly , see loadumd ( file file )
Candidate: loads the contents from the map .
Reference: this method is will check if the storage pool associated with the volume supports compression . if it does support compression , it will check if the associated virtual pool
Candidate: retrieve a storage object from the given volume
Reference: computes the location on a rhumb line with the given starting location , rhumb azimuth , and arc distance along the line .
Candidate: azimuth arc with great arc arc arc arc arc arc arc arc arc arc arc arc arc arc arc arc arc arc arc arc arc arc arc arc arc arc
Reference: returns the first index of elt in the array , else - 1 .
Candidate: returns the last array of the elt in the given array .
Reference: returns the maximum dimensions for this layout given the components in the specified target container .
Candidate: rounds the provided dimensions from the provided subarray widgets smaller smaller smaller smaller smaller smaller smaller smaller smaller smaller smaller smaller smaller smaller smaller smaller smaller smaller smaller smaller smaller
Reference: utility method for pulling plain text from an inputstream object
Candidate: reads from the inputstream and builds them from the stream stream .
Reference: update the moving average with a new value .
Candidate: update the moving average with a new value .
Reference: logs a lease expiration , distinguishing between expected and premature expirations .
Candidate: asserts that the log is not ( ) is not ) .
Reference: removes a ripple from the exiting ripple list .
Candidate: wait until all pending in their progress retention their elements .
Reference: write string to buffer
Candidate: writes the token at the specified string .
Reference: draws a frame for an eye .
Candidate: performs the script of script depending on the current selection .
Reference: try to consume and capture exactly the specified number of records from the connector .
Candidate: returns an optional currently optional ( optional ) and optional optional ) .
Reference: indicates whether some other constantsize is " equal to " this one .
Candidate: tests whether the two objects are equal to the same instance .
Reference: compare two version strings ( ie , " 1 . 4 . 0 " and " 1 . 4 . 1 " ) .
Candidate: for an array of the and arguments and an array and
Reference: check a vector . . . if it is null or its floats are nan or infinite , return false . else return true .
Candidate: updates the mapping of the vectors in the x of y . if the y values are the the mapping of the dataset .
Reference: determine if the expression is a obsessional one .
Candidate: determine if the expression is a plural form .
Reference: set speed of a throttle to a speeed set by a float , using the block for the length details
Candidate: a speed speed of a method without a on a bound .
Reference: removes a child from this beancontext . if the child object is not for adding then this method throws an illegalstateexception .
Candidate: removes the specified element from the beancontext . if the success is enclosed in the success success success success success success success success success success success success success success success
Reference: notify all iclassobservers that we are visiting given class .
Candidate: build collection collection for given classdescriptor .
Reference: generates a dup2 instruction .
Candidate: generates the dup2_x1 instruction .
Reference: indicates if the mime type belongs to the application xml family .
Candidate: indicates if the mime type belongs to the xml family .
Reference: returns a nativepage for displaying the given url if the url is a valid chrome - native url , or null otherwise . if candidatepage is non - null and
Candidate: plays a that leaves a image that leaves that leaves that that it plays that leaves the image that leaves requirements that leaves the image that leaves an image in
Reference: throws a parse exception with line / column information .
Candidate: creates a new instance with the passed .
Reference: sets up the array editor .
Candidate: this a component to create a component .
Reference: create a new memoidone , using the supplied transformation function .
Candidate: creates a creates a creates a creates a new empty constraints .
Reference: indicate that the expression return type is a single ( non - enumerable ) value of the given type . the expression can still return an array or collection or
Candidate: creates an exception for including the given of annotations .
Reference: convert field type from string to a class type .
Candidate: formats the default type for the passed in the formatter .
Reference: adds the given xmlelement after the token whoes index matches the given lasttokenindex value . if the flag addafternewline is true , a new line is added before the addition
Candidate: checks that the given element is put at least the given node of the given element .
Reference: this is a generic service for traversing a content tree , typical of a blog response tree . it calls the contentworker . traverse method .
Candidate: traverse a generic tree for traversing a typical blog tree and a blog blog service tree .
Reference: are two objects equal ? arrays have the standard object equals method which only returns true if the two object are the same . this method returns true if every
Candidate: updates the method of the all the parameters of the specified parameters .
Reference: creates a new dictionary containing the information read from the provided inputstreams to hunspell affix and dictionary files . you have to close the provided inputstreams yourself .
Candidate: applies the input files to the the input stream . the input and the the input stream and return the size of the input stream .
Reference: the given building has collapsed . remove it from the board and replace it with rubble .
Candidate: removes all the from the end of the listener .
Reference: this method performs an asynchronous thrift call to detach an iso from a vm . on completion , the specified handler is invoked .
Candidate: this method performs an asynchronous thrift call to start an image on the specified vm . completion , the specified handler is invoked .
Reference: read nfc error from reply message .
Candidate: reads a constant for a block .
Reference: guaranteed has center set
Candidate: a ui row , and ui .
Reference: update the timestamp and notify
Candidate: do bean bean so that do re do the change the capacity of the methods
Reference: add a new undoable action .
Candidate: put the image in the for each item in the action mode .
Reference: constructs a list containing the elements of the specified array . the list instance has an initial capacity of 110 % the size of the specified array .
Candidate: creates a new version of the given string .
Reference: adds a ping time sample to the averaging window .
Candidate: initialize the current state of the current thread .
Reference: canonical encoding of body of the header .
Candidate: encode the canonical form of this header . . encodebody ( ) ;
Reference: tears down the fixture , for example , close a network connection . this method is called after a test is executed .
Candidate: tears down the fixture , close the network .
Reference: get a substring from a string
Candidate: stops the given of the given topic .
Reference: pause and resume auto - running train or abort any allocation state _engineer . abort ( ) calls setrunmode ( mode_none , . . . ) which calls deallocate all
Candidate: normalize missing range range .
Reference: removes the custom sashform listener .
Candidate: unregistered a previously changed listener fired .
Reference: writes a string to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding for the vm .
Candidate: writes a string to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding for the vm .
Reference: delete a value stored in the project ' s datastore .
Candidate: delete a value stored in the project ' s datastore .
Reference: produces a string representation of the date in sql format
Candidate: produces a sql string representation of a date in a sql format .
Reference: this also io errors that happened in the gzip thread .
Candidate: this also we allow also to start the joining within the within the buffer between the start .
Reference: parses a string as a int .
Candidate: parses a string as a string .
Reference: writes the entire resultset to a csv file . the caller is responsible for closing the resultset .
Candidate: writes the entire resultset to the csv file . the caller is responsible for closing the resultset .
Reference: test for a special case
Candidate: verifies for two positive numbers ; the first is shorter
Reference: verify that the given device exactly matches the given fields . e . g . , if ip is not null we expect the device to have exactly one ip
Candidate: verify that the given device have exactly the given . e . g . expect device have exactly the device .
Reference: adds a window to the builder that can be used to filter a set of rules . < p > this method defines and adds a window to the zone
Candidate: updates the state for the entry in the current state .
Reference: compute the intersection of all segments when given an iterator of segments .
Candidate: provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide
Reference: indicates if this is a ttf native font that can be derived and manipulated . this is true for a font loaded from file ( ttf ) or using the
Candidate: indicates whether the forms is able to be able to get the tiles in the .
Reference: register macro providers which returns the implementation .
Candidate: return the external provider external alias external external external external external external external external external external external external external external external external external external external external external external external external
Reference: creates a new map with the specified initial capacity and load factor . this map will hold initialcapacity * loadfactor items before growing the backing table .
Candidate: creates a new map with the specified initial capacity . this will hold initialcapacity * loadfactor items before growing the backing table .
Reference: create a sequence containing one object
Candidate: create a sequence containing one object
Reference: populates a stream blob for testing .
Candidate: writes the specified using the gds .
Reference: redefined here , to avoid cyclic dependency with ( strict ) fastmath .
Candidate: convert a long value to 32 bit - bit integer value .
Reference: adds a near key .
Candidate: adds a request near key .
Reference: introspection of the passed in class . analyze the fields of current class and find out the associations of it .
Candidate: main method to load the internal class name .
Reference: is the given log level currently enabled ?
Candidate: determine whether the given message is enabled .
Reference: loads all data of a memory section .
Candidate: create a new node suitable for a logging and create a dom node .
Reference: deletes a directory and its contents . this will fail if there are any file locks or if the directory cannot be emptied .
Candidate: create a directory directory delete directory delete directory directory directory .
Reference: runs the test case .
Candidate: runs the test case .
Reference: is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?
Candidate: is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?
Reference: finds the name of the first table , which is editable .
Candidate: finds the name of the first table , which is editable .
Reference: store the all of the operation car objects in the default place , including making a backup if needed
Candidate: store all the default place , including the needed , using the default place , using the default place .
Reference: construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
Candidate: construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
Reference: checks if this has new followers . only checks the first follower in the list , because followers at the end might be new , even though they actually are
Candidate: new new new live entity .
Reference: on track point element start .
Candidate: parse the xml string .
Reference: fire an existing propertychangeevent to any registered listeners . no event is fired if the given event ' s old and new values are equal and non - null .
Candidate: executes a thread ' s a call to a client .
Reference: checks that a the given substring is a valid type descriptor .
Candidate: checks that the given substring is a valid type descriptor .
Reference: sort the field array using a quicksort
Candidate: find the sort tree , and indent groups structure . compare groups features groups groups groups groups groups groups groups groups groups groups groups groups groups groups groups groups groups
Reference: draws the background of the view .
Candidate: paints the graphics shape the graphics icon the graphics location the graphics location the graphics location the graphics location the graphics location the graphics location the graphics location the graphics
Reference: add unique attribute to the element which will force elements to be identical .
Candidate: searches for the specified element in the specified value .
Reference: this method validates a deletevmresponse object , raising an exception if the response reflects an operation failure .
Candidate: this method validates a createimagefromvmresponse object , raising an exception if the response reflects an operation failure .
Reference: runs the test case .
Candidate: runs the test case .
Reference: limits the maximum scale and x translation of the given matrix
Candidate: limits the maximum scale and maximum translation of the given scale matrix
Reference: return the factory used to round - trip between tinkerpop values and rdf values .
Candidate: creates a new instance of create a new instance .
Reference: constructs a new refreshtoken backed with the data in the specified jsonvalue .
Candidate: constructs a new accesstoken backed backed in the the the the the specified jsonvalue .
Reference: put the styleselector ( style or stylemap ) in the list of shared styles , associated to its styleid
Candidate: learn ' t work minimum ! , static ' t ! ' , ' t !
Reference: excludes the host name from the client id and returns the string . if the host name can not be detected , returns an empty string . typically , the
Candidate: extracts the adapter representing the matching address representing the matching address .
Reference: internal conversion method to convert completablefutures to fastfuture .
Candidate: perform an newly exceptionally
Reference: check if a given inventoryaction involves placing items into the slot .
Candidate: checks whether the given has been performed .
Reference: refreshes the markers displayed in this error strip .
Candidate: this method will not strip displayed in this error strip .
Reference: adds view to specified cache . creates a cache list if it is null .
Candidate: adds a view specified cache . creates a cache list if it is null .
Reference: converts a small input stream to a byte array
Candidate: reads an input stream from its input stream and return its its input stream .
Reference: force showing or not the media player window
Candidate: loads the tracks from the the given .
Reference: string conversion into standard charset
Candidate: returns the string using the default platform ' s encoding .
Reference: encodes cache flags to bit map .
Candidate: creates a factory which can be used to load json flags .
Reference: adds a new data series to the plot .
Candidate: add a new to the location .
Reference: adds a value to the density estimator .
Candidate: adds a value to the given estimator .
Reference: builds a checkbox row .
Candidate: builds a checkbox row .
Reference: synchronized because simpledatformat aren ' t thread safe
Candidate: returns the string from the given string .
Reference: indicates if a group is a child group , a non - top - level data group in a set of nested data groups ( e . g . ,
Candidate: indicates if the is is a a
Reference: throw array index out of bounds exception
Candidate: select up space to select the whole item set .
Reference: create the next relevant zero - coverage locusinfo
Candidate: check if the check are due to the the ones are due to check that the parameter
Reference: this method will be invoked when a service ' s global configuation data has been changed . the parameter groupname denote the name of the configuration grouping ( e .
Candidate: method to remove servivelistener via inheritance manager via these methods via these methods via these methods via these methods via inheritance manager via these methods via these methods via these
Reference: launch an email intent if the device is capable .
Candidate: installs email attendees of an email activity .
Reference: returns the number of data values .
Candidate: returns the count of this count .
Reference: insert a item associated with the specified position of adapter
Candidate: insert a item associated with the specified position to the adapter .
Reference: adds a translator , which is called whenever a class is loaded .
Candidate: adds a translator , which is called whenever a client .
Reference: indicates that the main content has scrolled ( for the purposes of showing / hiding the action bar for the " action bar auto hide " effect ) . currenty
Candidate: indicates the content of the scrolled / bar for the purposes auto " bar hide " effect for currenty . currenty
Reference: writes a string in little endian
Candidate: writes the contents of the input stream to the output stream .
Reference: reads and returns the next line , excluding the line separator if present .
Candidate: reads the next line and returns the next line separator .
Reference: if the main text matches the regex
Candidate: determine if the given string could contain the matching valid documents .
Reference: just for debugging convenience
Candidate: writes the file to the specified file .
Reference: add a fixed view to appear at the bottom of the list . if addfooterview is called more than once , the views will appear in the order they were
Candidate: add a fixed view to appear at the bottom of the list . if addfooterview is called more than once , the views will appear in the order they were
Reference: add a close callback hook
Candidate: registers a callback that needs to run your callback swd .
Reference: executes task r in the caller ' s thread , unless the executor has been shut down , in which case the task is discarded .
Candidate: executes the task task r , unless caller has been shut down , unless it ' s discarded task in the case disk discarded .
Reference: updates the range on both axes .
Candidate: updates the range on both axes .
Reference: computes the upc / ean checksum on a string of digits , and reports whether the checksum is correct or not .
Candidate: computes whether upc / ean checksum on a string of digits , and reports whether the checksum is correct or not .
Reference: read the specified file and parse the configuration .
Candidate: store the request header . the request header .
Reference: rewards player for a successfull trade
Candidate: convenience method to populate all views players .
Reference: returns all the text at the given url .
Candidate: gets the string for the given " .
Reference: fills a combined trace from the events of multiple input traces .
Candidate: remove the trace from the .
Reference: ensure that any guarded regions are interrupted .
Candidate: clear out the notification of the notification .
Reference: registers a commonly - used set of deviceservices with discoverymanager . this method will be called on first call of startdiscovery if no deviceservices have been registered . - castdiscoveryprovider
Candidate: read the properties from the currently specified tag .
Reference: look at the dependency information and remove swc dependencies that are subsets of other swc dependencies .
Candidate: sets the set of the corresponding set
Reference: draws the chart tick lines .
Candidate: draws the chart tick lines .
Reference: calculate matrix for fit_center
Candidate: calculate matrix for fit_center
Reference: returns an insertion policy that indicates the tuple is to be inserted into the partition .
Candidate: add a insertion policy tuple to partition policy .
Reference: test de busqueda open ldap
Candidate: test de busqueda open ldap con atributos
Reference: create a positive number from a string value and radix 8 .
Candidate: create a positive number from a string value and radix 36 .
Reference: this is heart of the code that determines if a given character is in the given encoding . this method is probably expensive , and the answer should be cached
Candidate: this method heart of the given code that determines if the given character is should be the the answer .
Reference: delete the entry in the directory . this will delete sub - entries also !
Candidate: maps the attribute value in the given month .
Reference: removes all highlights added to the text area by this listener .
Candidate: removes highlights to the text area .
Reference: add successor blocks into the given work list if they are not already marked as visited .
Candidate: adds the list of the list to the list of nodes . < p >
Reference: adds common component to the parser configuration . this method will also add all of the component ' s recognized features and properties to the list of default recognized features
Candidate: adds all the component to the parser configuration . this method will add the common component to add the component ' s recognized features and properties to the component
Reference: add a role to this user .
Candidate: adds a role role to this user .
Reference: creates the checkbox panel to control if full paths should be shown in the modules table .
Candidate: creates a shows a checkbox panel .
Reference: creates the date for gmt .
Candidate: creates a new hmmchinesetokenizer .
Reference: must be called by a subclass after the response has been successfully sent to the client .
Candidate: use core to packets to logic to
Reference: append the contents of another faststringbuffer onto this faststringbuffer , growing the storage if necessary . < p > note that after calling append ( ) , previously obtained references
Candidate: append the contents of the faststringbuffer onto the faststringbuffer , growing the storage previously necessary . < p > note after calling append previously append previously previously previously previously previously
Reference: loads all available snapshots in the repository
Candidate: make the data to make sure in the set of field uuid . make sure to make sure to make sure to make sure to make sure to make sure
Reference: creates a new instance of maplequestrequirement .
Candidate: read a random read from the read .
Reference: create a reply to a forum post . you must set the parent id for the post replying to .
Candidate: create a reply for the forum post . you must set the parent id .
Reference: all these methods simply delegate to the " other " model that is being decorated .
Candidate: this method is used to determine whether this charseq have been .
Reference: looks up an attribute key by element and local name .
Candidate: returns a element that describes the given namespace , but appearing on the specified element .
Reference: data provided by a user ; this data needs to be validated and processed .
Candidate: expands the token and numbers and handles numbers and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and
Reference: get the tuple with the maximum data field value .
Candidate: get the tuple with the maximum value .
Reference: updates the enabled status of the input fields and labels .
Candidate: handles populate the popup state combo box .
Reference: convert throttle id to a human friendly format .
Candidate: specialized the model of the model . todo : need to initialize the model model . this model is simply model need to create a model model model model model
Reference: reset stats tracked for cache hits and misses
Candidate: returns a mapped threshold to the purposes .
Reference: convert other - - > string ( default conversion )
Candidate: < < < < < < p > < p > < p > < p >
Reference: remove the item at the given index and optionally forces menu views to update .
Candidate: remove the item at the given index and optionally forces menu views .
Reference: shiftright ( int n ) , 0 < n < 32
Candidate: shiftright a negative number ; shift distance is a 32 ; shifted bits are zeroes .
Reference: shows the filter dialog
Candidate: prepare the graphics order to the the graphics order .
Reference: little math utility that both tools use , that just implements the pythagorean theorem to do the number of pixels between two screen points .
Candidate: calculates the maximum distance between the specified point .
Reference: add newly generated keys of a given key type to an existing keystore . the privatekey will be stored under the specified private alias name . the x509certificate will be
Candidate: add an newly generated keys to the keystore . the privatekey alias to the keystore . the x509certificate will be stored under the alias
Reference: utility method to check if formobject should have a popup
Candidate: check whether panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel
Reference: uses the current working dir to open the git repository .
Candidate: given config yaml namespace namespace namespace namespace namespace yaml namespace yaml namespace yaml namespace yaml namespace yaml namespace yaml namespace yaml namespace yaml namespace yaml file config namespace config config
Reference: returns a vector2 containing the smallest x and y values .
Candidate: returns the values representing the given vector2 .
Reference: add a test call
Candidate: add the many leaves inside the original centers icons .
Reference: serialize the test results to xml .
Candidate: serialize the to object . < p / > note that this can be managed by this object to the outputstream .
Reference: verify the blockmirror objects have been migrated correctly .
Candidate: queries the the list of the the list of the the blockmirror object . the method of the the blockmirror object .
Reference: create a log formatter around a given logger . if null , uses the global logger .
Candidate: calculate level we want to specify level level for use various messages , we want to specify level we have we have we have we have we have we have
Reference: remove a text listener
Candidate: remove a text listener
Reference: re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
Candidate: re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
Reference: create extension element of entitydescriptor in dom .
Candidate: create the xml element in the xml namespace . note : this method is used in during own xml v1 .
Reference: clears the buffer , returning all allocations to the allocator .
Candidate: clears the list of all allocations , returning the allocator .
Reference: apply the camera settings .
Candidate: performs the part of the top of the model of the the state of the model .
Reference: this method is called via reflection from the database .
Candidate: creates a new tab .
Reference: this method will add to the existing volumes list only those members that don ' t already exist in either the existing or user - created volume list .
Candidate: assumes that all the db / db in the db db . note that assumes that we have the db in the db db during the db in the db
Reference: creates a unique temporary file as a child of this directory .
Candidate: creates a new path that the given the given the given the the given the given file the given path . the given directory .
Reference: use a map to partition annotations with the given targettypes into lists , where each target type is a key in the output map . any annotation that does not
Candidate: adds the provided string to the provided string .
Reference: construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
Candidate: construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
Reference: opens a channel to the specified path if it does not already exist . allocates a larger bytebuffer if file size & gt ; current buffer size . reads file
Candidate: load data from the buffer .
Reference: called when entity adjusts hp .
Candidate: makes the user info message box .
Reference: resolve a freemarker name reference .
Candidate: creates a new file identified by the given filename .
Reference: this method should be called to initialize the tooltip status so that an old tooltip doesn ' t remain when a layer starts listening to mouse events .
Candidate: sets the tooltip of the application .
Reference: decodes a string generated by encodearray .
Candidate: convert a string to strings into a string .
Reference: call this when you want to know the new location . if it returns true , the animation is not yet finished . loc will be altered to provide the
Candidate: returns true if you want to know true if the animation is not yet finished . loc will not altered yet finished . loc will not altered yet finished .
Reference: sends given resource to the socket .
Candidate: read an inputstream from an inputstream
Reference: the bitmap of ignored signals , displayed as a decimal number . obsolete , because it does not provide information on real - time signals ; use / proc /
Candidate: ( since linux 3 . 5 ) address above which program address are placed in brk ( 2 ' s ) .
Reference: generates a device - and invocation - specific seed to be mixed into the linux prng .
Candidate: generates a device - and invocation - specific seed to be mixed into the linux prng .
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: return the rendering of the valueexpr object
Candidate: this method does the end of the the end of this template .
Reference: finish sampling and prevent further changes to the connectionclass until another timer is started .
Candidate: called by suspense balancing .
Reference: reverses the order of the polygon points within the given list . < p > this method performs a simple list reverse .
Candidate: reverses the list of the given polygon .
Reference: creates a new dsigncsr dialog for a pkcs # 10 formatted csr .
Candidate: creates a new dviewcsr dialog for a pkcs # 10 formatted csr .
Reference: a simple mechanism to initialize factory with dynamic binding . extended to default to syslognotifcationfactory in the event a dynamic binding is not specified via system properties . this allows
Candidate: simple factory mechanism to initialize a dynamic binding dynamic extended binding to syslognotifcationfactory in dynamic binding via allows to be dynamic binding binding .
Reference: awaits completion or aborts on interrupt or timeout .
Candidate: awaits completion or aborts on interrupt or timeout .
Reference: links node as first element , or returns false if full .
Candidate: links node as first element , or returns false if full .
Reference: clamp a value to be within the provided range .
Candidate: clamp a value to a within a range .
Reference: parses volume host directory only .
Candidate: obtain an array of the artist .
Reference: formats times into a standard format .
Candidate: converts a zone zone zone zone zone zone to zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone
Reference: returns a new array containing all elements contained in this vector .
Candidate: returns a new array containing all elements contained in this vector .
Reference: right justify a string .
Candidate: left justify a string .
Reference: appends all of the elements in the specified collection to the end of this vector , in the order that they are returned by the specified collection ' s iterator
Candidate: appends all of the elements in the specified collection to the end of this vector at the specified collection ' s iterator .
Reference: updates this log , according to the information contained in the transferablestate object
Candidate: updates clock updates clock .
Reference: converts a string into its java - style utf - 8 form . java - style utf - 8 differs from normal utf - 8 in the handling of character
Candidate: converts the java utf - 8 - style utf - 8 - style utf - style utf - style utf - style utf - style utf - style utf -
Reference: converts a hash map of bindings to a list of binding pairs .
Candidate: constructs a list of faces that in the list .
Reference: checks the given label can be added / removed to / from a vertex .
Candidate: return true if the given label is contained in a range / vertex .
Reference: adds the specified message observer .
Candidate: adds a message to the list .
Reference: performs show and sets the edit string to be the initial character or string
Candidate: hide the given mouse button .
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: [ int [ ] of int [ 0 ] 255 ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] .
Reference: removes the element at the specified position in this list . shifts any subsequent elements to the left ( subtracts one from their indices ) .
Candidate: removes the element at the specified position in this vector . shifts any subsequent elements to the left ( subtracts one from their indices ) . returns the element that
Reference: generates a sample of a normal distribution .
Candidate: generates a random sample .
Reference: read 1 . 5 compression stream ref table
Candidate: try to see 5 try to fill unwrap . try to fill pattern .
Reference: called by the native code or other classes to signal a warning . the code is used to lookup a localized message to be used when sending warnings to listeners
Candidate: this method to change the native code code is used to change code to the native code code is used to change code to the native code code . code
Reference: checks if sub is indexed .
Candidate: returns true if the changes discard diskname in the mode .
Reference: compute and return the source text ( all equalities and deletions ) .
Candidate: compute the source ( and all equalities and deletions ) .
Reference: determines whether the view was previously stored to the database .
Candidate: returns whether the is is a way of connections .
Reference: counts the size of a directory recursively ( sum of the length of all files ) .
Candidate: counts the size of a directory recursively ( sum of the length of all files ) .
Reference: query searchlightbits by bit number ( smini only ) bit - bitnumber of the either bit of an oscillating search light bit pair note : returns ' true ' if
Candidate: clear the low - bit searchlightbits of smini only bit note : only there are not - part of an - 8 ( ) of two - 8 - 8
Reference: constructs a new age file filter for files on any one side of a certain cutoff date .
Candidate: constructs a new age file filter for a certain date side of a certain cutoff .
Reference: calculate the optimum major tick distance .
Candidate: override the optimum major tick tick . override default tick override .
Reference: test if there more records available
Candidate: test if there more records available more more more more more more more more more more more more more more more more more more more more more more more more
Reference: put a value in the table
Candidate: adds an attribute value to the old value .
Reference: post a batch of messages .
Candidate: filter the filter filter via filter .
Reference: removes any ordering between two nodes .
Candidate: returns true if the list of the from the .
Reference: parses swf input and extracts text and wrap it as html
Candidate: traverse the inputstream to the given inputstream .
Reference: write a classfile data structure to a file .
Candidate: write a classfile data structure to the file .
Reference: create a java . awt . shape object of coordinates connected by great circle lines .
Candidate: creates a new shape from the given coordinates . < p / > the the metrics array .
Reference: creates a new connection to a given peer .
Candidate: initializes the connection connections .
Reference: returns a vector that contains the same objects as the array .
Candidate: returns a vector that contains the same objects as the same objects .
Reference: notify all registered listeners of the sprog version
Candidate: handles unknown unknown unknown con action .
Reference: called to signal that the drop is acceptable using the specified operation . must be called during droptargetlistener . drop method invocation . < p >
Candidate: drop the drag that the drop is unacceptable . < p > note that is called during droptargetlistener drop drag drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table help_tip
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table discussion
Reference: returns a string representation of this treenode .
Candidate: returns the as the classifier .
Reference: construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
Candidate: construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
Reference: splits a node into two based on the midpoint value of the dimension in which the node ' s rectangle is widest . if after splitting one side is empty
Candidate: writes a quick matrix that can be a result .
Reference: this method asks and returns the last modification date of a file or directory .
Candidate: read the contents of the contents of the contents of the contents of the contents of the contents of the contents of the contents of the contents of the directory
Reference: has the user chosen to import from pkcs # 8 private key and certificate file combination ?
Candidate: returns whether functions should be shown .
Reference: build the control flow graph of a method .
Candidate: method that can perform a scan tests that can scan that can scan that can scan that can scan that can be created by references .
Reference: sanity checks the engine , no negative ratings , and similar checks .
Candidate: check if the storage has a same , if the same , and try to try to do , if it has the same number of the same .
Reference: asserts that two floats are equal concerning a delta . if they are not an assertionfailederror is thrown with the given message . if the expected value is infinity then
Candidate: asserts that two doubles are equal concerning a delta . if they are not an assertionfailederror is thrown with the given message . if the expected value is infinity then
Reference: calculates the set of d values for the current extremal index set . implements oppenheim / schafer discrete time signal processing , 3e , 2016 , equation 116c
Candidate: estimates up the , based on the current character , checking for the current offset , if the count has been assigned to the normal implied .
Reference: decodes a base64 encoded string . < br / > ( cf . rfc 1341 section 5 . 2 ) note : this decoder silently ignores all legal line breaks
Candidate: decodes the string containing the char array as well as the known char as the base64 known characters . strings are known as well as well as well as well
Reference: loads properties from a properties file on the local filesystem .
Candidate: loads properties properties properties properties properties properties properties properties properties properties properties properties properties properties properties properties properties properties properties properties properties properties properties properties properties properties properties properties properties
Reference: replace all occurrences of the pattern . the replacement object ' s replace ( ) method is called on each match , and it provides a replacement , which is
Candidate: replace all occurrences of the pattern and the replacement string .
Reference: list published node ( s ) configuration in the network via multicast
Candidate: creates map to map the map .
Reference: concatenate two streams . / / ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 ) lazyfuturestream . of ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) .
Candidate: start a reactive elements from a jdk iterator can can can iterator can can can can can can can can can can can can can can can can can can
Reference: centers the elements in the specified row , if there is any slack .
Candidate: a the component of the component , and the previous cell .
Reference: reads object from data input .
Candidate: reads from the input data from from
Reference: creates an item label generator using default number formatters .
Candidate: creates an item label generator using default number formatters .
Reference: creates a unit length vector in the given direction .
Candidate: creates a new vector with the given .
Reference: use openoffice to convert documents between types
Candidate: use openoffice to convert documents between types
Reference: returns an adjusted power of 10 value for graphing purposes . the first adjustment is that negative values are changed to positive during the calculations , and then the answer
Candidate: returns an adjusted log10 value for graphing purposes . if the are changed purposes is positive , then the first is negated .
Reference: clears all the data from this table
Candidate: clears the list of this table
Reference: is last invoice costing method
Candidate: is std costing method
Reference: set the ' http . proxyport ' & ' https . proxyport ' properties to the given port number . < p > this setting will apply to requests .
Candidate: set the ' ' to proxyport ' & ' properties ' https . proxyport ' . < p / > this will apply to the given number of properties .
Reference: parses out the cluster name from the combined cluster / cg name .
Candidate: apply the to concatenated based on the selected settings .
Reference: helper http function to get list of my service cards .
Candidate: api call fetches function of the service walls http function
Reference: creates new dviewasymmetrickeyfields dialog .
Candidate: creates a new denvironmentvariables dialog where the parent dialog is a dialog .
Reference: samples migration events on a two - coloured branch , conditional on colours at both ends migration process is forwards in ( natural ) time , so we are going
Candidate: performs a start of a certain state .
Reference: checks if string is actually an attribute .
Candidate: return true if the type type is valid type
Reference: decodes an ascii string from a key .
Candidate: decodes a byte array into a given key .
Reference: this method will be invoked after a user selection of an operator in the tree . causes a property table update and an update of the conditional action container .
Candidate: removes the selection , the the selection .
Reference: removes a property change listener .
Candidate: removes a listener from the list of listeners .
Reference: transfers node , if necessary , to sync queue after a cancelled wait . returns true if thread was cancelled before being signalled .
Candidate: transfers node , if necessary to sync queue after a cancelled wait . returns true if thread was cancelled before being signalled .
Reference: creates a share intent
Candidate: splits string string ; 4 ; 4 ; 4 ; 4 ; 4 ; 4 ; 4 ; 4 ; 4 ; 4 ; 4 ; 4 ; 4 ;
Reference: creates an updater for objects with the given field . the class argument is needed to check that reflective types and generic types match .
Candidate: creates an objects and objects objects objects objects objects objects for objects and objects and objects and objects and objects and objects and objects and objects and objects and objects
Reference: perform integration over one step using substeps of a modified midpoint method .
Candidate: generates a instance using using using using using using using using using using using using using using using using using using using using using using using using using using using
Reference: internal conversion . this is needed to support the current springboot actuator auditeventrepository interface
Candidate: internal conversion . this is needed to support the current springboot actuator auditeventrepository interface
Reference: operation : [ < rn > , + / - < rm > , lsr # < shift_imm > ] 0b01 / lsr / if shift_imm = = 0 then
Candidate: [ < rn > ] , + > < rm > , lsr + / > lsr , lsr # u + > rm > rm > rm rm >
Reference: builds a row limit specification .
Candidate: find the variables from the given .
Reference: returns the first layer , where both this item and p_other have a shape . returns - 1 , if such a layer does not exisr .
Candidate: returns the shape layer . returns if you don ' t pick a long size . if you does not exisr .
Reference: take as many items as possible , up to the passed limit , from a drive into the given stack . < p > the stacksize of the passed stack
Candidate: plays the necessary items into the top stack into the stack .
Reference: commit all index memory changes to disk
Candidate: searches when the flags can be populated between symbol optional symbol and optional symbol 1st symbol builder
Reference: add item in determined index
Candidate: add item in the last item
Reference: methods for starting asynchronous execution .
Candidate: methods used for asynchronous parent methods . starting by all child methods to the parent methods . execution .
Reference: expands the tree to select the given entry if it exists .
Candidate: add an location given location . location .
Reference: advance to the next token .
Candidate: advance to the next token .
Reference: save the provisioning validity in shared preferences
Candidate: saves the data data data data data map
Reference: write the extension to the deroutputstream .
Candidate: write the extension to the outputstream .
Reference: remove volume exports to initiators .
Candidate: create the storage and updates with the given .
Reference: create a cluster in the specified project .
Candidate: creates a project that can be invoked by a project tenant .
Reference: returns the alias dereferencing policy having the specified integer value as defined in rfc 4511 section 4 . 5 . 1 .
Candidate: replacement an exception to the given .
Reference: runs the test case .
Candidate: runs the test case .
Reference: write string in text format without checking buffer size .
Candidate: sort buffer in buffer buffer buffer .
Reference: accumulate info for one read at the locus .
Candidate: adds the data to the buffer .
Reference: calculates the block hash by serializing the block and hashing the resulting bytes .
Candidate: read rows rows with the given series and rows .
Reference: add a particular characteristic to a property .
Candidate: find the properties of the the given properties .
Reference: asserts that given object1 equals object2 .
Candidate: javax . net . .
Reference: convert an ofinstructionwriteactions to string form . the string will be formatted in a dpctl / ofctl - style syntax .
Candidate: convert an ofinstructionwriteactions to string form . the string will be formatted in the dpctl / ofctl - style syntax .
Reference: called before the specified object is added to this queue .
Candidate: wait for testing .
Reference: encodes a byte array into base 64 format and breaks the output into lines .
Candidate: encodes a byte array into base 64 format and breaks the output into lines .
Reference: logs how much time an odata command consumed .
Candidate: builds a command of a artist .
Reference: rllong protected helper method to read 64 bits and changing the order of each bytes .
Candidate: rllong protected helper method to read each 64 bytes in order .
Reference: shiftright ( int n ) , n > 32
Candidate: shiftright a negative number ; shift distance is a 32 shifted bits are shifted zeroes
Reference: resolve the class contained in file into the passed soot class .
Candidate: add an executor to duplicate loader to the original loader .
Reference: helper method to generate logoutresponse redirect url
Candidate: helper method to encode the message message
Reference: asserts that we have a label with the given text baring the given name
Candidate: asserts that the given label with the given label of the given label .
Reference: apply interpolation on the result list ( where possible )
Candidate: traverse the given n sequences the given sequences the given sequences the upper - tree and starting by the given n and starting by the given operator . if the
Reference: initializes the stream tokenizer
Candidate: initialize the stream tokenizer .
Reference: we have an ofmessage we didn ' t expect given the current state and we want to treat this as an error . we currently throw an exception that will
Candidate: we have an ofmessage we didn ' t expect current state we want to treat as an error . we currently throw we we we we we we we we
Reference: a simple method to do nothing very much . this is used in determining static memory consumption .
Candidate: wait for testing .
Reference: read a record of data from the file , and parse the header to build a field list for the record ( or reuse the existing one if reusing headers
Candidate: read the file file from file .
Reference: lock api for locking of the file channel of the lock file .
Candidate: lock api for the locking of the api file .
Reference: open the datagram connection
Candidate: open the datagram connection .
Reference: returns a string describing this split evaluator
Candidate: returns a string describing classifier
Reference: execute a dml or pydml script .
Candidate: handle the engine , and return scripts .
Reference: disable a specific feature on this rich formatter .
Candidate: removes the given runnable to the given manager .
Reference: remove a listener for zwave events to this controller .
Candidate: removes last last last last last last complete events last last last last last last last last last last last last last last last last last last last last last
Reference: returns the current millis the same way as python does since this is what ' s stored in the replay files * yay * .
Candidate: returns the current day of the current currenttimemillis .
Reference: add new items to the table .
Candidate: add the metadata metadata to the current row builder .
Reference: prefixes the given name with a dollar ( $ ) if it is a java keyword
Candidate: gets the name of the name of the given name .
Reference: static helper method for populating attributes from a database cursor .
Candidate: static populating database from a database cursor .
Reference: ensures the truth of an expression involving the state of the calling instance , but not involving any parameters to the calling method .
Candidate: ensures the truth of an expression involving the state to the calling involving the state of the calling instance .
Reference: generate and return the list of statements to drop a database table .
Candidate: this a wrapper for the given .
Reference: true iff a lock is granted .
Candidate: return true iff the is is pending .
Reference: ( since linux 2 . 6 . 24 ) guest time of the process ' s children , measured in clock ticks ( divide by sysconf ( _sc_clk_tck ) )
Candidate: ( since linux 3 . 5 ) address above which program address are placed in brk ( 2 ' s ) .
Reference: convert pscout - style type name to canonical form
Candidate: initializes initializes initializes initializes initializes initializes initializes initializes initializes initializes initializes initializes initializes initializes initializes initializes initializes initializes initializes initializes initializes initializes initializes initializes initializes initializes initializes initializes initializes initializes
Reference: method to reset the notes error after error display
Candidate: method to reset the notes error
Reference: set a psptime struct based on ticks .
Candidate: gets the workflow creation ticks
Reference: writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist .
Candidate: writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist .
Reference: populates the navigation drawer with the appropriate items .
Candidate: populates the navigation drawer with the appropriate items .
Reference: returns a biginteger whose value is x to the power of y mod z . assumes : z is odd & & x < z .
Candidate: calculates the number of the value of the . .
Reference: runs the test case .
Candidate: runs the test case .
Reference: returns the next token type and initializes any state variables accordingly .
Candidate: get the next string for the next token .
Reference: converts to object array .
Candidate: converts to object array .
Reference: record audit log for callhome service
Candidate: record audit log for disasterrecoveryservice
Reference: compute the mean of all elements in the array . no missing values ( nan ) are allowed .
Candidate: compute the mean of all missing values .
Reference: construct an ntp time from a date in milliseconds
Candidate: generates a time time time for the time time .
Reference: select the best media type for the current request through a content negotiation algorithm .
Candidate: creates the body of the specified type and audio the video body .
Reference: paints the border for the specified component with the specified position and size .
Candidate: create a component for the given component and the
Reference: increases the capacity of this arraylist instance , if necessary , to ensure that it can hold at least the number of elements specified by the minimum capacity argument .
Candidate: ensure that the initial ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure
Reference: invalidates this guard and unmaps ( if supported ) .
Candidate: sends an request to the xml request .
Reference: adds new locations for command classes
Candidate: find any unique in any folder associated with any share tags in any share node .
Reference: check if mineshafter is present . if it is , we need to bypass it to send post requests
Candidate: check if mineshafter is present , we need to bypass it to send post requests
Reference: tests this object for equality with an arbitrary object .
Candidate: tests this renderer for equality with an arbitrary object .
Reference: checks if a node has a child of element type .
Candidate: determines if the given element is null elements .
Reference: removes item at the specified index from items vector .
Candidate: removes the item item from the history .
Reference: returns a count of all css primitive ( non - shorthand ) properties known to this class .
Candidate: returns the size of the number of bytes .
Reference: prints a string to the stream , encoded as utf - 8
Candidate: prints a string to the stream , encoded as utf - 8
Reference: checks the current user ' s permissions against the given object which may represent a single or multiple namespaces . allowed types are string or collection of string .
Candidate: checks the given permissions against the current user ' s current namespaces . the rules are allowed for the permission .
Reference: display the string defined in the string xml file : iconfont_string . xml
Candidate: update the quick string between the details of the poly . iconfont_string .
Reference: create an intent to take the user to maps , using the first map link available . if no links are found , return null .
Candidate: create intent intent intent intent create intent create intent intent intent intent intent intent intent intent intent intent intent intent intent intent intent intent intent intent intent intent intent intent
Reference: returns a stringbuilder that is consisted of filtering and expanding parameters that in turn are appended to the query string used for odata client . an odata client query can
Candidate: this method will create a new body of the ' ' .
Reference: writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg compressed bitmap , removing prior exif tags .
Candidate: writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg compressed bitmap , removing prior exif tags .
Reference: remove an attribute from the list .
Candidate: remove an attribute from the list .
Reference: converts from signature to slashed class name ( e . g . , from ljava / lang / string ; to java / lang / string ) . returns null
Candidate: strips " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
Reference: draws the off - screen image if exists at position ( dx , dy ) scaled by the specified factor .
Candidate: fill the background with the the background and the .
Reference: opens the camera and starts sending preview frames to the underlying detector . the preview frames are not displayed .
Candidate: opens the camera and starts sending preview frames to the underlying detector . the preview frames are not displayed .
Reference: removes all the existing values from the series .
Candidate: removes all the existing values from the series .
Reference: this will partition the given whole variable data applytransformtodestination in to the specified chunk number .
Candidate: returns the list of nodes from the given list .
Reference: updates the ui of the passed in window and all its children .
Candidate: installs the editor menu upon all buttons in the tree .
Reference: clear all the results
Candidate: clear all the results
Reference: gather all the widgets contained in the area specified and return them as an array , taking the decorator visibility in account
Candidate: add the of that the the of the in the cutoff pie .
Reference: print an ion symbol type . this method will check if symbol needs quoting
Candidate: allows the text to ion text .
Reference: makes a shoppingcartitem and adds it to the cart . warning : this method does not check if the product is in a purchase category . rental fields were added
Candidate: makes a shoppingcartitem and adds it to the cart . note : this method does not check the product and check to the purchase category . rental category .
Reference: returns a string representation of the probability table
Candidate: returns a string representation for the distribution
Reference: updates the border text of the component .
Candidate: updates the text of the specified component .
Reference: adds to the result parameter all classes that aren ' t present in it
Candidate: note : this method makes that have the same name for the same of virtual class .
Reference: resets the references for streaming .
Candidate: resets the references for streaming .
Reference: mpi encoded numbers are produced by the openssl bn_bn2mpi function . they consist of a 4 byte big endian length field , followed by the stated number of bytes representing
Candidate: mpi encoded numbers are produced by the openssl bn_bn2mpi function by big - endian followed by a byte field representing followed by the stated bytes representing representing representing representing representing
Reference: this method will be invoked when a service ' s schema has been changed .
Candidate: removes the rdf from the tree .
Reference: given a vector of nodes , sort each node according to the criteria in the keys .
Candidate: sort the nodes of each node according to the criteria .
Reference: parses , validates and computes normalized version of gmonth object
Candidate: parse parse parse and gmonthday gmonthday object
Reference: move the messages to the queue
Candidate: if a queued messages is queued messages .
Reference: parse a string into a dbid .
Candidate: gets the given index from the given index .
Reference: write short , 16 - bits . like dataoutputstream . writeshort . also acts as a writeunsignedshort
Candidate: write a 32 , dataoutputstream . writelong .
Reference: prints a long followed by a newline .
Candidate: prints a boolean followed by a newline .
Reference: creates a new instance from a single thrift service interface .
Candidate: creates a new instance with the given source class . the class class for the given class .
Reference: creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height , and with new zeroed data arrays .
Candidate: creates a raster with the same width and height , with the new zeroed data arrays .
Reference: return an error response generated by a validation failure , invalid json , etc .
Candidate: finds a new with the start
Reference: check start block for occupied for start of run
Candidate: called when the component to be stored in what .
Reference: parse a switch command .
Candidate: this the predicate for the given .
Reference: initialize the layerhandler by having it construct it ' s layers from a url containing an openmap . properties file .
Candidate: obtain the contents of the existing stream .
Reference: true if this record is suppressed by the answers in a message .
Candidate: answers true if the record is suppressed in the message in the case of
Reference: creates an properties object initialized with the value from the given map . < p >
Candidate: map map map to map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map
Reference: selects nodes using css3 selector query and returns the very first one .
Candidate: find the list of nodes nodes for each node .
Reference: takes a string of representing token separated properties and returns an array of parsed strings . note : this method currently doesn ' t support appropriate quoting of the token
Candidate: return the order separator , with the separator separator separator separator separator separator separator separator separator separator separator separator separator separator separator separator separator separator separator separator separator separator separator
Reference: generate the points that will generate the curved line between two points . the arcangle is the number of radians of a circle that the arc should represent . math
Candidate: calculates the the between the points and the the on the specified circle .
Reference: compares a locale against a primary locale . returns higher values for closer matches . a return value of 3 indicates that the locale is an exact match for the
Candidate: returns the locale per field , or specific locale , or locale , or specific locale , or specific locale , or specific locale , or specific locale , or
Reference: execute a query and read all rows .
Candidate: handle an sql statement .
Reference: add distinct entry to list
Candidate: add distinct entry to list
Reference: equal ( based on data , ignores index )
Candidate: applies the to the pojo
Reference: commits and finishes a formerly started transaction .
Candidate: assert that the given of all the are given from the given string .
Reference: creates a new panel object .
Candidate: create a chooser dialog .
Reference: double the capacity of this deque . call only when full , i . e . , when head and tail have wrapped around to become equal .
Candidate: call this when the capacity of this deque . have full around , i have wrapped around become equal to e .
Reference: change the debug logs folder
Candidate: initializes the open federation library to ideally this library be called within library federation library library . ideally this library must be called within library open federation library library library
Reference: computes the full url based on a base url and a possibly relative link found in the href param of an html anchor .
Candidate: parse the link to the the link the target , or the the link .
Reference: reads the jar ' s manifest .
Candidate: find the mapping to the underlying file . . < p / > note that they are at the the head of the
Reference: convert an array of types in raw forms . only allocate an array if anything is different .
Candidate: returns the list of arguments of the specified option .
Reference: adds the given column at the specified position .
Candidate: adds a column to the table definition .
Reference: readdata - - dummy function . there is no data with the request .
Candidate: readdata - initialize the input buffer . the input data . the input data .
Reference: remove a display from this visualization .
Candidate: removes the items from the dataset object .
Reference: return the next gaussian see knuth , acp , section 3 . 4 . 1 algorithm c .
Candidate: decodes a random double , using previous double , g , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
Reference: send an event to all registered listeners .
Candidate: this method should be overridden by handlers upon a notification . note that this method is not by upon machine that is not upon upon upon upon upon upon upon
Reference: update port of contact header to reflect local port
Candidate: initialize the settings settings with the settings settings
Reference: create a new httpclient with reasonable defaults ( which you can update ) .
Candidate: create a new httpclient with reasonable defaults ( which you can update ) .
Reference: adds entry to future .
Candidate: adds an optional entry to an optional entry .
Reference: saves current state geometry mode and weight as geojson feature properties in list of features . it is used in full state graph when debugging
Candidate: add the pending item to the given utterance .
Reference: test of bsbm q1 against an empty data set . there are no solutions in the data .
Candidate: helper method to build the contents of the fp instance of testing .
Reference: delete a file from the file system or log the failure if unable to delete it .
Candidate: deletes the files of the file . kill it recursively .
Reference: removes existing values from the series .
Candidate: removes existing existing values from the series .
Reference: add a group member .
Candidate: retrieves a group in the given group group .
Reference: protected method to construct a logger for a named subsystem . < p > the logger will be initially configured with a null level and with useparenthandlers true .
Candidate: construct a new definition with the given name .
Reference: increment the value of a bin .
Candidate: increment the value value .
Reference: ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method .
Candidate: ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method .
Reference: sets on this object all key / value pairs from the supplied map . if the supplied map is null , this method does nothing .
Candidate: returns the optional object to the specified object .
Reference: checks if a list of string contains a string while ignoring case
Candidate: checks if the given string contains the same string ignoring the case of words .
Reference: compute the median absolute deviation from median .
Candidate: gets the median product of the absolute value of the specified value of the specified value of the specified value . of the value of of the value of of
Reference: loads the plugins that are configured in the configuration file .
Candidate: perform a given of the given by the given registers a recursively . < p > the that converting a separate of an
Reference: stops the superuser session
Candidate: does not previously started started
Reference: set the ' http . keepalive ' property to the given value . < p > this setting will apply to requests .
Candidate: set the ' ' http keepalive ' property to the given value . < p > this will apply to the given property .
Reference: creates a new request configured to upload a photo to the user ' s default photo album . the photo will be read from the specified file descriptor .
Candidate: creates a new request from a request menu .
Reference: unwrap a proto message from a checkedmessage , verifying the checksum .
Candidate: unwrap a proto message from a checkedmessage , verifying the checksum .
Reference: creates multicast socket and joins multicast group .
Candidate: shutdown a wrapper which can be run .
Reference: copies the node connections from this argmodel ' s nodes array to the destination array . basically it connects up the nodes in destination in the same way as this
Candidate: add all the nodes of the given project . < p / > if they are the way of .
Reference: can be overridden to check the selected attributes for compatibility .
Candidate: inner method testing .
Reference: validates the will fields .
Candidate: internal helper method to build the email to the email . .
Reference: creates stream for decoding .
Candidate: creates stream for decoding stream .
Reference: returns the next server address .
Candidate: create a scan field for a given address .
Reference: encode the suffix that ends every output line . by default this method just prints a < newline > into the output stream .
Candidate: 109 * encode the output stream ends on the xml stream .
Reference: checks if this is a system font
Candidate: this method is called when the component has been merged into the terminal .
Reference: this methods allows to indicate if the resource must be obtained . if this method has been invoked then only the provided url will be processed .
Candidate: add a term to the default term .
Reference: sets on this object all name / value pairs from the supplied object . if the supplied object is null , this method does nothing .
Candidate: returns the database fp - value value . this method must have the same value in the regular value .
Reference: creates a new client for the given git repository .
Candidate: constructs a repository using the default repository .
Reference: create a new read - only view from the supplied buffer .
Candidate: used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used within the
Reference: create a soap request for the given method name . the writing of the request body is delegated to the given request writer .
Candidate: simple a simple name with a specific name name with a specific name name .
Reference: innerenum tests that reflection . getstatements is collecting simple enum constants from a class . uses randoop . test . playingcard , which has two public enums , one private
Candidate: returns a string that represents a in boxed represents a string represents ascending represents a string
Reference: return the host uri , as a string .
Candidate: return the host uri as a string .
Reference: earlier implementations of android ' s hostname verifier required that wildcard names wouldn ' t match " * . com " or similar . this was a nonstandard check that
Candidate: earlier implementations that handles ' t ' s hostname verifier wouldn ' com that wouldn ' t ' * com " com " com * com * com * com
Reference: verify that the supplied file or directory is within the target directory .
Candidate: returns true if a file exists as a initializer initializer .
Reference: moves this cursor forward until it points to a character different from the specified character .
Candidate: returns true if the specified character is in the specified sequence .
Reference: generate examples for a uniform cluster dataset .
Candidate: this method to generate the set of the other form .
Reference: removes from this list all of its elements that are contained in the specified collection . this is a particularly expensive operation in this class because of the need for
Candidate: removes all elements of the elements in this list .
Reference: cas tail field . used only by enq .
Candidate: cas tail field . used only by enq .
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: returns phone object with the specified value .
Candidate: returns the specified by the specified type .
Reference: return a named resourcebundle for a particular locale . this method mimics the behavior of resourcebundle . getbundle ( ) .
Candidate: return a named resourcebundle for a particular locale . this method mimics the behavior of resourcebundle . getbundle ( ) .
Reference: choose pools based on remote vpool ' s matched or assigned pools
Candidate: choose pools pools based on remote vpool ' s assigned ' matched matched pools .
Reference: converts text to html , by transforming \ n to < br / >
Candidate: convert a string to a single string .
Reference: add a new pending lock to the manager . throws an exception if the lock would overlap an existing lock . once the lock is acquired it remains in this
Candidate: add a pending lock manager to the pending manager . throws an exception if the lock is acquired it remains
Reference: evaluates the uf7 problem .
Candidate: evaluates the uf7 problem .
Reference: notify all listeners about cacheperiod property changed . if passed newvalue is null , the oldvalue is taken as new value . this is the case when the reloadmodel is
Candidate: this method gets called when a list of a property is changed .
Reference: convert a move object to uci string format .
Candidate: convert a move object to uci string format .
Reference: creates a new managed image of the given width and height that is associated with the target component .
Candidate: creates a hidden handle acceleration image and the width that height is associated with the target component .
Reference: debugging function to display internal state .
Candidate: internal state to debugging internal state
Reference: writes given string to given writer . close writer afterwards .
Candidate: writes methods to the csv file writer .
Reference: ensure the internal array ' s capacity .
Candidate: ensure the internal ' s capacity .
Reference: expert : decreases the refcount of this taxonomyreader instance . if the refcount drops to 0 this taxonomy reader is closed .
Candidate: expert : increments the refcount count count . this count count count . 0 . 0 .
Reference: convert an x . 500 principal to an x . 500 name .
Candidate: replaces an method method replaces with the union - safe .
Reference: assert that a resource is described by the cache .
Candidate: add a pre - empty table .
Reference: flat background type ( default )
Candidate: return true if the is protected is protected .
Reference: build list of currently limited networks , which defines when background data is restricted .
Candidate: add the given of all the items in the given . note that they are not have the next of items .
Reference: assign a priority for each operators use a stack to store them note the numbers can be negative we evaluate the expression left - to - right and push operands
Candidate: returns the contents of the one into a query
Reference: adds all the provided xy series to the list .
Candidate: adds all the provided xy series to the list .
Reference: exists with optional error message , usage show and exit code .
Candidate: prints the program and installed .
Reference: compares term key 1 to term key 2 . note that terms are unique only in conjunction with their associated split and flush .
Candidate: compares storage that checks that compares .
Reference: computes an aabb that contains both this and other and stores it in this .
Candidate: returns a new ' s , with the given . this method must be called by the other ' s , if the , the same bounds .
Reference: generate auto tag for logs .
Candidate: returns a string name into a given string . returns null returns a empty string returns a empty string returns a empty string returns a empty string returns a empty
Reference: this method flushes any pending events , which can be startdocument ( ) closing the opening tag of an element , or closing an open cdata section .
Candidate: this method can be startdocument ( ) closing an element tag , cdata section of an section of section of the method cdata section , section of an section of
Reference: this function takes in the arguments for the subscribe command , and subscribes an instance of testsubscriber with an initial request of 0 ( which means don ' t immediately
Candidate: call consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent
Reference: init method adds all configuration views to the list of views .
Candidate: add a many - able to describe the gauge rect to the container container . we don ' t add packets to to add to to be drawn to the
Reference: create an extendedtype object from node type , namespace and local name . the hash code is calculated from the node type , namespace and local name .
Candidate: create an extendedtype object from the local namespace node name .
Reference: validate some assumptions about the new locpathiterator and it ' s owner and the state of the list .
Candidate: validate some assumptions about the new locpathiterator and it ' s state .
Reference: assign systemstreampartitions to all of the threads , and start them up to begin simulating consuming messages .
Candidate: waiting for each thread waiting waiting for each thread . waiting for each thread . waiting for each thread . waiting for each thread . waiting for each thread .
Reference: returns the weights for problems of arbitrary dimension .
Candidate: returns the number of all levels currently in the of 4 . org . 3 . 4 . 4 . 4 . 4 . 4 . 4 . 4 .
Reference: undoes the last action .
Candidate: undoes the last action .
Reference: removes the given column .
Candidate: removes the column from the specified column .
Reference: return single line of output .
Candidate: parses the generic object to find the .
Reference: performs a peek ( ) operation in the queue to extract media info for the buffer ready to be released i . e . the head element of the queue
Candidate: reset the vocabulary to the the materialized / made .
Reference: below method will be used to process the block
Candidate: add rules rules rules being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being
Reference: returns the hashcode for the condition
Candidate: returns the hashcode for this object .
Reference: balance all segments . - for all balancing segments - for all segment values - if balance < > 0 create dueto / duefrom line overwriting the segment value
Candidate: checks if the current version does not self deep copy information have the same double .
Reference: creates a new drawer for the specified model and decorator .
Candidate: creates a new component .
Reference: retrieves if user partitions are present
Candidate: return true if there is empty .
Reference: insert a string of source code to be highlighted to the document . the string is then inserted character by character if longer than 1 char .
Candidate: copy all non - ' s any non - from any ( any any any any any ) . note that isn ' note that isn ' note that isn
Reference: reads the next unicode code point .
Candidate: reads the next unicode point .
Reference: put an int value out to the specified byte array position in big - endian format .
Candidate: writes the specified value to the specified byte array .
Reference: creates a new item object with the specified data source and text .
Candidate: creates a new object that the the value and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the value . the
Reference: set a one - time tag for use on the next logging call .
Candidate: add a callback to a short .
Reference: consumes a part of this item .
Candidate: consumes a part of this status .
Reference: get delegate creating it if needed .
Candidate: thread and thread and thread .
Reference: adds an outer join descriptor that defines how the streams are related via outer joins . < p > for joining n streams , add n - 1 outer join
Candidate: adds a combinable instance to un tab layer .
Reference: splits the string into an array
Candidate: returns all android ' s contents and fills the contents of the windows directory .
Reference: we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
Candidate: we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
Reference: retrieves and removes the head of this queue , waiting if necessary until an element with an expired delay is available on this queue , or the specified wait time
Candidate: retrieves an removes the head of this queue , waiting if the specified delay is available or if the queue or if necessary . if the queue is expired or
Reference: add a callback to be invoked when a swipe event is sent to this view .
Candidate: add a callback to be invoked when a swipe event is sent to this view .
Reference: size of the cluster .
Candidate: gets the size of the in the " .
Reference: adds an item to the menu and positions it using the given ` pivot ` .
Candidate: adds a new element to the given list of the given element that adds a new element given s given list that adds a new element given given given element
Reference: writes a " uint8 " in wsp format to the given output stream .
Candidate: writes a short integer to the given output stream " " .
Reference: removes and returns first element , or null if empty .
Candidate: removes and returns first element , or null if empty .
Reference: add two numbers of different length and sign . the first is positive . the first is longer .
Candidate: add two numbers of different length and sign . the first is negative . the first is longer .
Reference: adds a header to this request .
Candidate: adds the given header to the given header .
Reference: store the keystore changes
Candidate: this method does instance of appropriate this instance does nothing .
Reference: appends a base type to the pointer hierarchy just below parent , e . g . if type is an int then pointer must be an int * . the
Candidate: returns the specified type in the given and returns the corresponding pointer .
Reference: sorts the specified array into ascending numerical order .
Candidate: sorts the specified array into ascending numerical order .
Reference: return a string representation of this object , describing all aspects of similarity .
Candidate: returns a string representation of the user .
Reference: convert an iterable stream into one last item of the stream .
Candidate: returns an iterator over the specified element iterator .
Reference: makes the thread sleep for some time
Candidate: wait for the week of the specified week .
Reference: searches for the first occurence of the given argument , beginning the search at index , and testing for equality using the equals method .
Candidate: searches the first occurence of the specified search for the first occurence of the first occurence of testing .
Reference: returns whether a given set of modifiers implies package access .
Candidate: learn whether the given access modifiers is valid .
Reference: writes the gathered data tab - separated into a text file .
Candidate: writes the gathered tab into a tab file .
Reference: create a managed window decorator with an identity for a window .
Candidate: installs a new state under the state construction of the window that has created in the state state . installs the state state under the reversed state . this is
Reference: write bytes from the specified byte array to the stream .
Candidate: decode the contents of bytes from the input stream .
Reference: send a log message if logging is enabled .
Candidate: send the log message logging . if logging is enabled .
Reference: send update notifications to listeners
Candidate: send update notifications to listeners
Reference: checks if this partitionedregiondatastore has the capacity to handle the rebalancing size .
Candidate: helper method to store the current hull .
Reference: figure out if a valid sld file is available .
Candidate: returns true if the given file is is is is available in a purposes is null .
Reference: inserts properties to the template .
Candidate: create a template from achievement tag template .
Reference: change the font style of a component
Candidate: scale the original component by a given component of the original style .
Reference: draw contours matched by the blob detector
Candidate: creates a new instance of the given image . < p / > the the produces the the y - z drawing object from the the given string and the
Reference: save a certificate to a file in base 64 binary format with begin and end strings
Candidate: writes a file to the given file .
Reference: clear all listeners that listening the central item of the list changes event .
Candidate: updates the list of the selected item .
Reference: invokes the specified accessible parameterless method if it exists .
Candidate: invokes the specified accessible parameterless method if it exists .
Reference: returns if the chart should be filled below the line .
Candidate: returns if the chart should be filled below the line .
Reference: if we receive any result , we can delete the temp retry info file
Candidate: receive delete , temp , we can delete temp retry , we can delete temp retry , we can receive retry info .
Reference: find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
Reference: returns true if the packet is a stanza as defined in rfc - 6121 - a message , iq or presence packet .
Candidate: checks if the message message is needed to send message .
Reference: execute javascript and reset forms values
Candidate: shows a list of this panel .
Reference: helper function to determine whether a bean needs a fw update given a specific bundle version
Candidate: check if see if the user is done by a server .
Reference: clear the given view map .
Candidate: removes the map from the given map .
Reference: load several logical tables into the logicaldictionary . < p > note : this builds the logical tables as well .
Candidate: adds a new information and a map by recurse .
Reference: reads next variable length block from input .
Candidate: reads next variable block length .
Reference: add a new subscription to the session .
Candidate: add a new subscription to the session .
Reference: creates an instance of x . 509 certpath over the specified list of certificates .
Candidate: creates an instance of x . 509 certpath over the list of certificates .
Reference: reads an process configuration from an xml string .
Candidate: reads an xml tag from the given tag .
Reference: construct a default fraction using the default agent url of http : / / localhost : 8500 / .
Candidate: creates a new instance .
Reference: just used for like and not_like
Candidate: returns a string for a string .
Reference: generates a version of the name that has at most the specified length .
Candidate: change the of that it is to change of the it is is the of that it is closed . it is
Reference: linearly blends two colors with a defined weight .
Candidate: overwrites the prediction of the object of the object .
Reference: the current eip ( instruction pointer ) .
Candidate: ( since linux 3 . 5 ) address above which program address are placed in brk ( 2 ' s ) .
Reference: normally the look and feel should be the standard one , java , allow to set the systemplaf to have the system look and feel
Candidate: change the look up the change change the change change the change change the change change and change the change change change change .
Reference: converts a given image into a bufferedimage
Candidate: converts a given image into a bufferedimage .
Reference: reads a sequence of values and the trailing closing brace ' ] ' of an array . the opening brace ' [ ' should have already been read . note
Candidate: reads the sequence of values and the trailing closing brace ' ] ' of the array ' opening brace ' [ ' should have already been read . note note
Reference: converts readable hex - string to bytearray
Candidate: decode a values from from
Reference: returns the list of all available terminal nodes with the given return type .
Candidate: returns the list of all available terminal nodes with the given type .
Reference: remove the specified sensor selection listener .
Candidate: removes the specified listener from the specified listener .
Reference: writes the 16 low - order bits of the given integer value ; the 16 high - order bits are ignored .
Candidate: writes a single character .
Reference: create a class loader , explicitly specifying the source dex and the location for the optimized dex .
Candidate: create a static object specifying the specifying optimized specifying explicitly explicitly specifying the specifying the specifying the the optimized location .
Reference: register ttl manager of cache for periodical check on expired entries .
Candidate: register a new live through a register manager .
Reference: makes a java . sql . time from separate ints for hour , minute , and second .
Candidate: makes a time of ints for a java . . separate time . hour , minute .
Reference: initialize logger key store
Candidate: store the state of the final position .
Reference: returns a byte array which contains data special for the given format and for the given image data .
Candidate: creates a argb image to the image .
Reference: writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg compressed bitmap , removing prior exif tags .
Candidate: writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg compressed bitmap , removing prior exif tags .
Reference: clean stacking markers . < br > same logic as detection , but just returning string w / o
Candidate: extract the titles from the filename titles w / o " .
Reference: discard a registrar from the set of registrars already discovered . this does not prevent that registrar from being rediscovered ; it is intended to be used to clear unreachable
Candidate: executed when a thread has a relation ' s thread .
Reference: check whether the given state is one of the final states
Candidate: returns true if the state state is state .
Reference: generate a string of comma - separated numbers that will be used to mark the scale of the match diagram .
Candidate: convert a to the given " . < p / > note that we can be h in big - 1
Reference: writes a ' figtree ' block .
Candidate: exports the stored in the given file .
Reference: as a concrete subclass of object that implements equality , this must implement hashcode .
Candidate: this a code code for this code .
Reference: compares this map with another .
Candidate: compares this map with another .
Reference: notifies of the presence of the doctype line in the document .
Candidate: start the start of this .
Reference: writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg image , removing prior exif tags .
Candidate: writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg image , removing prior exif tags .
Reference: clean start - drop & re - create db
Candidate: this method will be used to be used to the user .
Reference: the type of the argument was good , but it ' s value wasn ' t .
Candidate: similar to convert to properly in < p > calling provides in utility to similar to similar to similar to similar to similar to similar to similar to similar to
Reference: zlib compress 2 byte
Candidate: zlib compress checksum 2
Reference: load an entry into the map .
Candidate: returns the mime type the mime type the mime type has a mime type .
Reference: report the start of dtd declarations , if any . any declarations are assumed to be in the internal subset unless otherwise indicated .
Candidate: report the start of dtd declarations , if any . the declarations are assumed to be in the internal subset unless otherwise indicated .
Reference: helper method that will convert timestamp format to a pattern
Candidate: converts the string to an absolute index like to like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like
Reference: encodes an array of byte into a string of printable ascii characters using a base - 64 encoding .
Candidate: decodes base64 encoded ascii characters octets octets octets . octets .
Reference: prints a double followed by a newline .
Candidate: prints a double to the output stream .
Reference: convert the ip range into a string representation .
Candidate: returns the string representation of the ip string .
Reference: validates if zkhost contains a chroot . see http : / / zookeeper . apache . org / doc / r3 . 2 . 2 / zookeeperprogrammers . html #
Candidate: check if if check if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if
Reference: perform the given operation on the database with the given name , only if that database exists .
Candidate: run routine that run with with some db .
Reference: factory method to create the hashcode allowing derived classes to change the behaviour
Candidate: returns the hash code for this implementation .
Reference: calculate matrix for fit_center
Candidate: calculate matrix for fit_center
Reference: returns a new instance of this fragment for the given section number .
Candidate: returns a new instance of this fragment for the given section number .
Reference: import translation . uses translationhandler to update translation
Candidate: create a file file
Reference: constructs a result file reader for reading the approximation sets from the specified result file .
Candidate: constructs a result file for reading the approximation approximation approximation approximation approximation approximation approximation approximation approximation approximation approximation approximation approximation approximation approximation approximation approximation approximation approximation approximation approximation approximation approximation
Reference: called when there was an error connecting
Candidate: cancels the connection to the listener to the connection .
Reference: checks if the given identifier should be excluded .
Candidate: checks if the identifier can be included in the identifier identifier .
Reference: determine if a request to solr failed due to a communication error , which is generally retry - able .
Candidate: determine if a solr communication error is able to communication communication solr communication ,
Reference: returns " true " as this is a reliable transport .
Candidate: returns true if bootpath should be shown in the preferences .
Reference: pushes a new type onto the output frame stack .
Candidate: pushes a new type onto the output frame stack .
Reference: get the max value plus one for a short
Candidate: get the max value for a short .
Reference: method for beancontextchild interface . uses the beancontextchildsupport to fire a property change . you don ' t need this function for objects that extend java . awt . component
Candidate: report a beancontextchild interface . uses the beancontextchildsupport to fire a listener value pair of the property object . this object don ' t need to the objects extend the
Reference: html encodes value to avoid xss attacks . & = & amp ; < = & lt ; > = & gt ; " = & quot ; ' =
Candidate: replace special characters with replacing special characters .
Reference: create and persist database entities required for storage policy service testing .
Candidate: instantiates init parameters for init instead parameters .
Reference: create a pdf page object by finding the relevant inherited properties
Candidate: read the next shader from the raw and the .
Reference: adds a key / value pair to a map
Candidate: appends a key hashtable to a hashtable map .
Reference: saves modified boot properties to disk .
Candidate: prints the settings that are not that are not stored in the form that they are not that are not that are not that they are not stored in the
Reference: appends two files and updates the recno counter
Candidate: read the log file from the given buffer .
Reference: write timestamp in binary format .
Candidate: write in write in in .
Reference: encodes the strings and returns the number of characters in the two encoded strings that are the same . this return value ranges from 0 through 4 : 0 indicates
Candidate: encodes the number of the strings in the string which returns the number of characters in the regular . returns the number of the characters are not contain the same
Reference: run the morpha algorithm on the specified string .
Candidate: convert a string to a string .
Reference: delete a file from file system .
Candidate: deletes the value from the base directory . does not exist .
Reference: return a path for a check mark .
Candidate: for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for
Reference: initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory . creates the root directory if necessary .
Candidate: initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory . creates the root directory if necessary .
Reference: initializes the tcpchannelclient . if ip is a local ip address , starts a listening server on that ip . if not , instead connects to the ip .
Candidate: creates a connection for for the connection .
Reference: this method is called when the user chooses to cut a bean by some means such by by pressing ctrl - x . this method tries to serialize the selected
Candidate: this method chooses called when pressing the user chooses the ctrl is selected by this method tries to the pressing ctrl . ctrl ctrl . ctrl . ctrl . ctrl
Reference: tracks a new handler so that it can be removed in bulk .
Candidate: tracks a new handler that can be removed in bulk .
Reference: invoked when an action from the popup menu occurs .
Candidate: attempt to connect to the remote object .
Reference: adds a new colour map entry .
Candidate: adds an item to the end of the user .
Reference: ensure we have enough storage .
Candidate: appends the provided of the node , replacing the end of the ' s .
Reference: < p > constructs an instance with the specified bits .
Candidate: create a new equipmentalivesender .
Reference: print every value on a separate line . use the given number of spaces for indentation .
Candidate: print a line of the spaces indentation .
Reference: renders a handler script , which may require chaining together the user - specified event handler , any scripts required by attached behaviors , and also possibly the mojarra .
Candidate: this a a of the given of a stream . .
Reference: constructs a native tsdb metric name for this metric .
Candidate: returns the string of the in this ' s build .
Reference: in the case we are using the java select ( ) method , this method is used to trash the buggy selector and create a new one , registering all
Candidate: this method to create the java in the buggy , create a selector ( which we registering , registering all )
Reference: multiply two positive numbers of different length . the second is longer .
Candidate: multiply two positive numbers of different length and different length . the first is longer .
Reference: received data from the api , so parse it or handle a possible error , then give it to the listener .
Candidate: reads the object to the given .
Reference: retrieve all the rows satisfying the given sql query .
Candidate: merges table rows from database table table from database table table table table table table table from database table table table table table table table table table table table table
Reference: current time from some arbitrary time base in the past , counting in nanoseconds , and not affected by settimeofday or similar system clock changes . this is appropriate to
Candidate: returns the clock to the current thread .
Reference: java . text . format # clone ( ) test of method java . text . format # clone ( ) . compare of internal variables of cloned objects .
Candidate: java . # clone ( ) test of text . note that this method does not cloned .
Reference: send a request to the server and generate a future for the eventual reply . note that this call can block if there is no active connection while a new
Candidate: send a request to the server and generate the future for the eventual reply . note that this call can block if there is no active while while a connection
Reference: is null or its length is 0
Candidate: checks if the given string is null or empty .
Reference: cas waitstatus field of a node .
Candidate: cas waitstatus field of a node .
Reference: enables the dependency flag for the given capability enabling nominal_attributes also enables binary_attributes , unary_attributes and empty_nominal_attributes . enabling binary_attributes also enables unary_attributes and empty_nominal_attributes . enabling unary_attributes also enables
Candidate: initializes the given capability disabling nominal_attributes also disables binary_attributes .
Reference: extract and sort variables for given stacktrace level . every level of stacktrace has its own context in previousvariables map . current variables are compared with previous state . if
Candidate: this method to convert the native artist from the specified state .
Reference: add an integer to the config
Candidate: add a drawable to the config
Reference: computes the upc / ean checksum on a string of digits , and reports whether the checksum is correct or not .
Candidate: computes whether upc / ean checksum on a string of digits , and reports whether the checksum is correct or not .
Reference: convert full - width letters in chinese fonts to normal half - width letters in ansi charset . numbers are not touched .
Candidate: creates a full width letters in chinese half of letters letters letters letters letters letters in ansi charset .
Reference: test whether two collections contains the same elements , regardless of the order in which the elements appear in the collections
Candidate: test whether the collections contains the same elements in regardless of the elements in the order , appear in the collections .
Reference: checks if a response message contains a body .
Candidate: checks if a response message contains a body .
Reference: a connection can only have so many things in process happening on it at once , where " in process " refers to the maximum number of in - process
Candidate: gets the maximum amount of mono occur to the power occur to occur .
Reference: adds the given value .
Candidate: adds the distribution with the given .
Reference: checks whether an action should currently be executed , based on the required delay . also assumes that an action was executed if this returns true and sets the time
Candidate: returns true if since gateway does not already started .
Reference: jumps to the previous or next best match given the parameters below . this may be inside the current word . for example , if the cursor is at index
Candidate: jumps match the given word inside the given word . if the given word is inside the given word .
Reference: dispatch the distribution message , or place it on the startup queue .
Candidate: handle a request for a process or , or if it is to process or , or or or or or or or or or or or or or or
Reference: removes the indicated volumes from the zones given by the zoning parameters . if the fczonereferences for a zone are all removed ( and there are no existing volumes in
Candidate: deletes all the zones in the zoningmaps indicated in the zoningparams .
Reference: free resources and cleanup .
Candidate: cleans up the protocol .
Reference: implements the standard icon interface ' s painticon method as the standard synth stub passes null for the context and this will cause us to not paint any thing ,
Candidate: implements standard implements standard standard standard standard standard standard standard standard interface . g . < br > standard standard standard standard standard standard standard standard standard standard standard standard
Reference: this method changes image scale ( animating zoom for given duration ) , related to given center ( x , y ) .
Candidate: this method changes image scale ( animating zoom for given duration ( ) center ( given ( x , y ) .
Reference: return a list of currently known shard / channel assignments .
Candidate: according to the given list from the database .
Reference: whether the file is hidden or not . this implementation returns true if the filename starts with a " . "
Candidate: check whether or not or not or if the provided key is hidden .
Reference: copy from scrollview ( api level > = 14 )
Candidate: returns true if the specified range is is a range of the range lowercase .
Reference: load the classes , resources , etc .
Candidate: util through util format .
Reference: invalidate the title sortable upon changes to the sortable prefixes
Candidate: add a new movie task .
Reference: adds a new row to the probability table , assuming no conditional assignment . if the table already contains a probability , it is erased .
Candidate: adds a table to a table table .
Reference: create a jar using the given file contents and with the given file name .
Candidate: generate a list of a list of strings .
Reference: this moves to the specified time in the view . if the time is not already in range it will move the list so that the first of the month
Candidate: to the current date .
Reference: search for the desired value in the hashtable . < p > only succeeds if v overrides the equals ( object o ) method
Candidate: returns the hash code .
Reference: closes database connection and logs if an error is encountered
Candidate: closes an database connection and logs if error is encountered .
Reference: add descriptive details about a specific message box , so that if it needs to be reset in the preferences , then it is easily identifiable . displayed to the
Candidate: add descriptive details about the preferences descriptive details about the specific message , so it needs to be displayed in the box , then it to reset identifiable .
Reference: add a color map listener
Candidate: adds a listener to the notifications .
Reference: compute the probabilistic distances used by loop .
Candidate: compute the values using the pdist distances .
Reference: appends the suffix to the end of the string if the string does not already end in the suffix .
Candidate: appends the suffix to the end of the string . if the does not the end of the suffix .
Reference: requests a filesystem in which to store application data .
Candidate: requests the filesystem in the filesystem .
Reference: constructs an external problem using the specified process .
Candidate: reads the error to to the process .
Reference: return whether the specified network monitor has been instantiated in the entitlements service yet
Candidate: returns method to be the in the specified mode . < p / >
Reference: attempt to recover from a syntax error . this returns false if recovery fails , true if it succeeds . recovery happens in 4 steps . first we pop the
Candidate: attempt to recover if error happens from this recovery . return true if happens succeeds happens if happens succeeds happens if succeeds happens if it succeeds happens if succeeds happens
Reference: adds multiple predicates that much be met by the vertices .
Candidate: constructs a vertices vertices vertices vertices vertices vertices vertices vertices vertices vertices vertices vertices vertices vertices vertices vertices vertices vertices vertices vertices vertices vertices vertices vertices vertices vertices vertices vertices
Reference: add the result from the given rng source .
Candidate: gets the value of the dice with the given value .
Reference: checks whether the user - supplied options stay the same after settting , getting and re - setting again
Candidate: this method is called by the method for testing .
Reference: closes ' closeable ' , ignoring any checked exceptions . does nothing if ' closeable ' is null .
Candidate: closes ' closeable ' , ignoring any checked exceptions . does nothing if ' closeable ' is null .
Reference: adds an encrypted message to the queue . it will be automatically decrypted .
Candidate: attempt to assert the specified thread .
Reference: returns a random integer between the value min and the value max .
Candidate: clamp the betweeb ' t generate a random range .
Reference: test that striterator returns false for hasnext ( ) after close ( )
Candidate: test that striterator .
Reference: called from pspge module
Candidate: called from pspge module
Reference: populate the given tasklist with tasks .
Candidate: make a task including including including including including including including including including one including including including including including including including including including including including including including including including including including
Reference: get the tuple with the maximum data field value .
Candidate: get the tuple with the maximum field value .
Reference: returns the tip text for this property
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property
Reference: create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes . the number fits in an array of integers . the most significant byte is positive .
Candidate: create a negative number of a sign and an array of bytes . the number of bytes is 4 . the most significant byte is positive .
Reference: start scrolling based on a fling gesture . the distance traveled will depend on the initial velocity of the fling .
Candidate: start scrolling based on the fling gesture . the distance traveled will depend on the initial velocity of the fling .
Reference: internal conversion . this is needed to support the current springboot actuator auditeventrepository interface
Candidate: internal conversion . this is needed to support the current springboot actuator auditeventrepository interface
Reference: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Candidate: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Reference: add listener to listener list
Candidate: adds a listener to the notifications .
Reference: below method will be used to close streams
Candidate: this method will be used to attempt to outputstream to attempt to
Reference: return the patience , i . e . , the penalization of having a number of items with the same feature in a recommendation list of a given size .
Candidate: calculate the probability distribution for the beginning of the
Reference: utility method for automatically generating series names .
Candidate: compares the list of the list of the list .
Reference: reads characters into a portion of an array .
Candidate: read an array of bytes into the end of the array . .
Reference: evaluates the cf6 problem .
Candidate: evaluates the cf6 problem .
Reference: send a fatal error log message
Candidate: send a fatal error log message
Reference: returns the number string list of the given string starting at the given index . e . g . , expandnumberat ( " 1100 " , 1 ) gives "
Candidate: returns the list of the string starting at the given number of the given string .
Reference: equals ( ) with two strings where either could be null
Candidate: equals ( where either two strings ) could either could either could either could either could be either null
Reference: runs the wrapper with the specified arguments .
Candidate: simply read the data statistics file to the buffer .
Reference: returns true if already used all the rule17 directors .
Candidate: gets shadow for the given bar
Reference: stops the communicator . all open connections to the remote server will be terminated . once this method has been called , the communicator cannot be restarted .
Candidate: stops running the running running .
Reference: helper method for expandsystemid ( string , string , boolean ) : string
Candidate: return the uri of the android directory .
Reference: put a dmessage into the cache for reuse
Candidate: adds the given parameter to the map .
Reference: checks the contents of this builder against another to see if they contain the same character content ignoring case .
Candidate: matches the specified string to the specified string .
Reference: converts a uuid to a long for bucketing purposes . order of input and output values is preserved as long .
Candidate: compresses the value of buckets .
Reference: adds the given vm argument .
Candidate: adds a tabfragment instance to the viewpageradapter .
Reference: apply a visitor to a field .
Candidate: apply a visitor to a specific value .
Reference: compareto ( biginteger a ) . compare two equal negative numbers .
Candidate: compareto ( biginteger a ) . compare two positive numbers . different signs . the first is negative .
Reference: a simple test for screenshots that launches an activity , injects the key event combo to trigger the screenshot , and verifies the screenshot was taken successfully .
Candidate: method to ensure that the log file .
Reference: implements a request to unlink the passed targets from the blocksnapshotsession instance with the passed uri .
Candidate: create an instance by create its by the specified interface that by the specified by the specified by the specified by the specified by the specified by the specified by
Reference: reverse the sequence . this requires reversing the order of the diredges , and flipping each diredge as well
Candidate: new the new new .
Reference: change a given number of steps to a single variable reference .
Candidate: change a given number of steps to a given number of steps .
Reference: emulate the deprecated datainputstream . readline ( ) method . originally we used the method itself , but alan brighton suggested using a java . io . bufferedreader to eliminate
Candidate: read a string from an input .
Reference: adds items to scene , ensuring we are on the fx thread
Candidate: add a item to the list of items .
Reference: returns the url of the product home page .
Candidate: returns the version of product wiki page .
Reference: returns true if the supplied reader contains taxonomy information
Candidate: reads the specified file specified and tries to the specified specified specified file . tries to the specified local file .
Reference: removes the listener from the collection of listeners who will be notified when the control is selected by the user .
Candidate: removes the listener from the collection of listeners who will be notified when the user changes .
Reference: replace n top level elements with new element of given type
Candidate: add the given prior to the given prior .
Reference: handles create realm request .
Candidate: handles add service request .
Reference: for a specified point and a list of poly points , determine based on point order whether the point should be considered in or out of the polygon .
Candidate: evaluate the entry for the given point .
Reference: removes the largest key and associated value from the given subtree .
Candidate: generate the version of the node .
Reference: atomically removes all of the elements from this deque . the deque will be empty after this call returns .
Candidate: atomically removes all of the elements from this deque . the deque will be empty after this call returns .
Reference: called every time when command makes some little progress . can be mapped to async progress - bar
Candidate: override the progress , override to override your own code .
Reference: only the treenode class can create an instance of treenode . the creation occurs when registering a new oid .
Candidate: this method to add the attributes to to the
Reference: creates a time period for the week in which the specified date / time falls , using the default time zone and locale ( the locale can affect the day
Candidate: creates a new week period representing the specified default time .
Reference: create the code attribute .
Candidate: scan for a scan for a given character .
Reference: initializes a binary output stream from a file .
Candidate: creates a file to the file file .
Reference: reads a class descriptor from the source stream .
Candidate: reads a class descriptor from the source stream .
Reference: create a new file , if the file exists , delete and create again .
Candidate: check if the given file exists
Reference: or for zero and one
Candidate: max ( biginteger val ) .
Reference: executes a prepared statement using values supplied as arguments .
Candidate: executes a statement using randomly applying statement .
Reference: creates a new configuration
Candidate: find a list at a list at the first time , find those track at the supplied time .
Reference: ensures that an string reference passed as a parameter to the calling method is not empty .
Candidate: ensures that the passed as an empty string .
Reference: adds common component to the parser configuration . this method will also add all of the component ' s recognized features and properties to the list of default recognized features
Candidate: adds all the component to the parser configuration . this method will add the common component to add the component ' s recognized features and properties to the component
Reference: cancel all open and running unnamed tasks
Candidate: max ( max .
Reference: calculate the minimum and maximum values out of a list of doubles .
Candidate: calculate the minimum and maximum values out of doubles .
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table trash
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table user_roles
Reference: unescapes the character identified by the character or characters that immediately follow a backslash . the backslash ' \ ' should have already been read . this supports both unicode
Candidate: unescapes a character at at at at at at at at at at at at at at at at at at at at at at at at at at at
Reference: update query and header parameters based on authentication settings .
Candidate: update the header query parameters based on authentication settings and
Reference: add spaces around spans until the text is fixed , and then removes the unneeded spaces
Candidate: draw the unneeded lines the next newline .
Reference: initializes a default experiment .
Candidate: initializes a default experiment .
Reference: removes all bookmark tracking icons .
Candidate: removes all tracking icon icons .
Reference: create a metric group with the given metrics .
Candidate: construct a new map entry stream for a stream stream . collect stream . this method assumes it has already been shown .
Reference: returns true if the point is inside this sprite . uses board coordinates , not screen coordinates . by default , just checks our bounding rectangle , though some sprites
Candidate: return true if the point is inside the polygon
Reference: finds protocol support from a given classloader .
Candidate: loader loader loader loader loader loader loader loader loader loader loader loader loader loader loader loader loader loader loader loader loader loader loader loader loader loader loader loader loader loader
Reference: a list of the non - loopback , non - link - local ip addresses of the host , or null if none found .
Candidate: sends a given interface to the given address given address . it will s given address .
Reference: caculate the bitmap samplesize
Candidate: obtain the crops width and height of the ten height and height height and height width and height width and height width and height width and height and height height
Reference: check if the entity has a certain status .
Candidate: add the status status to the status
Reference: primarily for debug purposes
Candidate: returns a string representation of this instance .
Reference: computes the value of sslv3 pseudo random function .
Candidate: computes the function of sslv3 pseudo random function .
Reference: adds the channel map to this model
Candidate: removes the map channel model
Reference: adds an element to the queue .
Candidate: adds the specified element to the end of this deque .
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: return the resource for the specified key
Candidate: puts a value .
Reference: reads a " message set " argument , and parses into an idset . this also support the use of $ as sequence - set as stated in searchres rfc5182
Candidate: reads an error if the if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if
Reference: replace a string suffix by another
Candidate: signs a string value .
Reference: executes a previously claimed scan range task .
Candidate: create the new instance of the artist .
Reference: creates the configuration directory if it does not already exist .
Candidate: handles a module action .
Reference: method to handle update button
Candidate: method to handle button button
Reference: loads a class file by a given class loader .
Candidate: loads a given class by a given class loader .
Reference: iterate over target objects representing control flow targets and their edge types .
Candidate: returns an iterator over a clone of the iterator over another array and returns the iterator over the iterator over the iterator over the iterator over the iterator over the
Reference: fits the width of the main composite to the same width scrolled composite was given .
Candidate: helper to the the
Reference: returns the hash code value for this entry .
Candidate: returns the hashcode for this principal .
Reference: builds a map pool - name = > pool - index from the snmptablehandler of the jvmmempooltable . optimized algorithm .
Candidate: adds a single key from the map .
Reference: creates a new dcryptostrength dialog where the parent is a frame .
Candidate: creates a new dupgradecryptostrength dialog .
Reference: creates a vertical separator for visually separating status bar elements
Candidate: creates a random horizontal separator .
Reference: adds the specified object at the end of the array .
Candidate: adds the specified object at the end of the array .
Reference: rebuilds the dataset based on the given realmresults .
Candidate: rebuilds the dataset based on the given realmresults .
Reference: generate a signature for the message we ' ve been loaded with using the key we were initialised with .
Candidate: if the data has already been added in the specified of the . .
Reference: compute the weight matrix for hsb similarity .
Candidate: * scalbn ( int n rather than x * x * rather than 2 * exponent manipulation scalbn rather than * rather than 2 * rather than * rather than
Reference: and for a negative and a positive numbers ; the first is longer
Candidate: andnot for a positive and a positive numbers ; the first is longer
Reference: write the bytes to byte array .
Candidate: write bytes to byte array .
Reference: open file using intent
Candidate: open an email app .
Reference: converts a date string into a java . sql . date
Candidate: converts a date string into a java date sql date .
Reference: creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
Candidate: creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
Reference: might have different semantics than math . round ( float ) , see bugs 6430675 and 8010430 .
Candidate: get closest int value to get current value .
Reference: creates a new plaintext component with the given short
Candidate: creates a new plaintext component with the given
Reference: copies this attribute and returns a new copy .
Candidate: copies this and returns a copy .
Reference: construct details of api changes by service and component name
Candidate: convert a comma - delimited sub - delimited vertex parts .
Reference: defines a new example .
Candidate: defines a new focused operation .
Reference: method checks if file could be written / deleted or created . method will create path / mkdirs if makedirs set to true and file ' s path doesn '
Candidate: ensure another method is used .
Reference: returns a string representation of the oid ' s integer components in dot separated notation .
Candidate: returns the string representation of the passed uri .
Reference: creates auth configurations for auth modules configuration in core auth service .
Candidate: realm realm realm realm realm realm realm realm realm realm realm .
Reference: writes the field to the output .
Candidate: write the . close the .
Reference: skip ( long n ) method testing . tests that the method correctly skips the bytes .
Candidate: skip method testing the method testing . tests that skips correctly .
Reference: add a char to the string buffer .
Candidate: add a char buffer to the buffer buffer .
Reference: returns the hash code for this name form . it will be calculated as the hash code of the numeric oid .
Candidate: returns the hash code that will be calculated as the hash code of the numeric oid .
Reference: cholesky algorithm for symmetric and positive definite matrix .
Candidate: cholesky positive definite matrix for positive definite and positive definite positive definite values . positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive
Reference: appends to " candidatecrossings " all edge references which may cross the given edge . this is done by covering the edge and then finding all references of edges whose
Candidate: description of the method .
Reference: find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
Reference: creates a repositorylocation for a given repository and a set of path components which will be concatenated by a / .
Candidate: add a single entry from a repository repository .
Reference: this method will be used to add a new property
Candidate: this method will be used to add a property property
Reference: creates the nested delta deltas based on the affected element its delta , and the root of this delta tree . returns the root of the created delta tree .
Candidate: assumes that the complete happens when the complete symbol has completed and invokes updating the complete state .
Reference: tostring . used for jcombobox in movie editor
Candidate: returns a column of the ' s property .
Reference: return the size of the embedded map
Candidate: returns the size of the current size .
Reference: replace all occurrences of a substring within a string with another string .
Candidate: replace all occurrences of a substring within a string within another string .
Reference: determines if a given coordinate lies within a selected zone . the shape of the zone is defined by the respective zone geometry in the shape file
Candidate: decodes a line in a line unless it is is less than ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Reference: returns the tip text for this property
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property
Reference: read data from a label file .
Candidate: constructs a new xmlstreamreader reader .
Reference: parses a double safely , returning a default if nothing can be sanely parsed from it .
Candidate: parse a double safely can be sanely parsed from a string .
Reference: a lame attempt to prevent duplicate application id . todo : we should expose appid - > appname map via rest api so cli doesn ' t need a separate
Candidate: a lame attempt to prevent duplicate application . todo : we should expose appid - > appname map rest api so cli doesn ' t need a separate time
Reference: create or update a profile for a remote counterpart .
Candidate: returns true if a collection represents a protected .
Reference: prints the given char . use println ( ) to print a ' \ n ' .
Candidate: prints a char to the writer .
Reference: recursively initialize views for all the blocks in the model and add them to the view .
Candidate: this method deletes the workspace from the workspace and sends the workspace and workspace to the workspace workspace of the workspace , and workspace and workspace and workspace and workspace
Reference: clears all registered page trails of a given single sign on token id
Candidate: clears all cached discovery data discovery the discovery of the given token .
Reference: creates a new dnetscapecarevocationurl dialog .
Candidate: creates a new dnetscaperevocationurl dialog .
Reference: util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
Candidate: util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
Reference: parses a comma - separated list of integers , with range - checking .
Candidate: parses a comma - separated range with a comma - separated list .
Reference: constructs a new exception with detailed error message .
Candidate: create a new named osc world schema .
Reference: below method will be used to close streams
Candidate: this method will be used to attempt to outputstream to attempt to
Reference: fill the array with random numbers from 0 . . n - 1 .
Candidate: add the given parameters to the given . .
Reference: reads a value of an annotation and makes the given visitor visit it .
Candidate: reads a value of an annotation and makes the given visitor visit it .
Reference: parse an individual sip message header from a string .
Candidate: parse an individual sip string header string .
Reference: helper function to convert a color component in srgb space to linear rgb space . used to build a static lookup table .
Candidate: decodes an integer value to the given size .
Reference: records a start usage logging message to whichever logging endpoint is configured
Candidate: logging logging logging logging logging logging logging logging logging logging logging logging logging logging logging logging logging logging logging logging logging logging logging logging logging logging logging logging logging logging
Reference: rotate point p around center point c .
Candidate: computes a point from the cartesian ( xcoord ) . < p / > x1 , y1 ) x2 , y2 ) = x + y ^ = toindex )
Reference: returns true if the given word is pronounceable . this method is originally called us_aswd ( ) in flite 1 . 1 .
Candidate: returns true if the given word is pronounceable . this is originally in us_aswd ( 1 ) . flite 1 .
Reference: creates new edges for all the edges that the intersections in this list split the parent edge into . adds the edges to the input list ( this is so
Candidate: inserts the edge that already inserts the existing list nodes in this edge list that does not already already already already already already already already already already already already already
Reference: instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
Candidate: instances should be constructed in standard programming .
Reference: constructs an instance of the membasedcache .
Candidate: constructs an entry with the specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified
Reference: updates the max text width values for the suggestions .
Candidate: draws the rectangle based on the given rectangle .
Reference: enable / disable the overview menu .
Candidate: enable disable of the disable . disable true if the disable true if the disable true if the disable true if disable true if the disable true if the disable
Reference: handle a mouseentered mouselistener event . the boolean autozoom is set to true , which will make the delegate ask the map to zoom in to a box that is
Candidate: displays the inside inside a title .
Reference: gets the requested page of collections after applying filters and offsets .
Candidate: find the current page which is only the only the only the only the only the only the only the is only the only that is only the only the
Reference: makes the given visitor visit this annotation .
Candidate: makes the given visitor visit this annotation .
Reference: adds ids to the filter .
Candidate: adds the ids of the ids to the list of strings .
Reference: stop a previously started monitor if it exists .
Candidate: monitor and monitor and monitor whenever it is closed effect whenever any entry is closed whenever any entry is closed whenever any entry is closed whenever any entry is closed
Reference: calculates the normalized request url , as per section 9 . 1 . 2 of the oauth spec . this removes the querystring from the url and the port (
Candidate: generate the uri of uri uri . uri . uri . uri . uri . uri .
Reference: invoke the object with the request from the input stream .
Candidate: writes the contents stream to the stream stream .
Reference: commits the local transaction .
Candidate: called all acknowledge transaction all first transaction is finished in the transaction .
Reference: only adds the objectclass if it hasn ' t already been added .
Candidate: create a new curve with the supplied protocol curve .
Reference: populate the area list by ward
Candidate: begins the boundary boundary and the the rule begins with the boundary boundary .
Reference: parse a domain name starting at the current offset and moving the input stream pointer past this domain name ( even if cross references occure ) .
Candidate: scan a header representation .
Reference: concatenates a simplestring and a char
Candidate: concatenates the copy of the specified byte array .
Reference: returns the log - odds for a given probabilitiy .
Candidate: returns the log probability odds for a given probabilitiy .
Reference: signals a waiting take . called only from put / offer ( which do not otherwise ordinarily lock takelock . )
Candidate: signals a waiting take from put / offer ( which do not otherwise ordinarily lock takelock . )
Reference: fill a tree which specifies a feature hierarchy but no corresponding units .
Candidate: initialize the tr summary under all subtrees .
Reference: return the number of nodes in the is way
Candidate: compares the nodes nodes . this node .
Reference: adds a host to the blacklist .
Candidate: sets the system of the the host system .
Reference: method to add a node to the dag .
Candidate: add a node to lop
Reference: requests a filesystem in which to store application data .
Candidate: requests the filesystem in the filesystem .
Reference: saves this map to a stream ( that is , serializes it ) .
Candidate: serializes a map to this stream .
Reference: sigmoid / logistic function
Candidate: calculate the roots that extends the of the given .
Reference: notify bucket of new incoming packet from a node , perform update or insert existing nodes where appropriate
Candidate: test if an specified local cache it is specified local cache and it is not successful .
Reference: translates the current transform . calls writetransform ( transform )
Candidate: updates the current constant . the writetransform ( ) .
Reference: determines if the volume qualifies for rp protection . ( and if not , why not )
Candidate: remove operation remove supported supported remove operation remove operation .
Reference: write this object to a stream .
Candidate: save the default to the superclass .
Reference: writes the given number of spaces to the given writer .
Candidate: writes the given to to to the given file .
Reference: computes the volume of the overlapping box between two spatialcomparables and return the relation between the volume of the overlapping box and the volume of both spatialcomparable .
Candidate: computes the device device device device device of device device device the device device device device device device device device device device device device device device device device device device
Reference: if auto draw is enabled , a draw request is sent . this method should be invoked when receiving a move and right after sending one . in the future
Candidate: initializes modeswitchlistener , so that we can be called in gemfire mode .
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: helper method that will try to load at least specified number bytes in input buffer , possible moving existing data around if necessary
Candidate: helper method to least bytes in input buffer around buffer buffer around buffer buffer around buffer buffer around buffer buffer around buffer buffer around buffer buffer around buffer buffer around
Reference: this ctor interprets the byte array as a sequence of characters to send .
Candidate: ctor a ctor characters from a a subarray of characters .
Reference: as of this writing , this is only used for testing if method order really doesn ' t mater .
Candidate: introspects the returns method returns returns the returns the between of the list of and returns the corresponding list of the methods and returns the corresponding list of the method
Reference: take a property list , defined in a single string , and return a properties object . the properties , as key - value pairs , are separated by another
Candidate: finds the list of the command line .
Reference: determines whether the package in which t resides has a particular annotation .
Candidate: checks if a class of a annotation class . a class of dependencies ' t exist .
Reference: generates the tooltip shown when the cursor hovers over a tag tree node that represents a container of graph nodes .
Candidate: builds the tooltip for the graph that can be shown for the panels requirements .
Reference: read in the normalized category file .
Candidate: train svm to train system real train system .
Reference: removes a listener from the set of listeners
Candidate: removes a listener from the set of listeners
Reference: remove item click listener from this view
Candidate: click item click listener
Reference: find a position that can be selected ( i . e . , is not a separator ) .
Candidate: find a separator that can be a separator ( i . e . ) .
Reference: pad a string on the right with spaces till it is at least the specified length .
Candidate: pad the length of the given string to the right of the right .
Reference: build the complete list of names for a collation matching rule .
Candidate: convert an colour to strings to the list of strings .
Reference: check whether the given class is cache - safe in the given context , i . e . whether it is loaded by the given classloader or a parent of
Candidate: determines whether the given classloader is the specified classloader is the specified classloader is the specified classloader is the specified classloader is the specified classloader is the specified classloader is
Reference: writes the algorithm ' s internal representation as text .
Candidate: writes a single to the given output stream .
Reference: creates a part from the encoded and decoded strings .
Candidate: reads the from the base64 decoded .
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: converts the map of year to month lengths ranging from minyear to maxyear into a linear contiguous array of epochdays . the index is the hijrahmonth computed from year and
Candidate: returns a number of time for the specified time of time . < p > the : number of a range to a range of a range of a range
Reference: convert a non - method type descriptor into an internal type .
Candidate: convert a string descriptor into a string .
Reference: register the given mbean based on the given description
Candidate: registers a new such that the can be called by the object .
Reference: checks correctness of the state after unmarshalling .
Candidate: checks correctness correctness correctness correctness correctness correctness correctness correctness correctness correctness of the state .
Reference: adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value , replacing the previous mapping from the specified key if there was one .
Candidate: adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value , replacing the previous mapping from the specified key if there was one .
Reference: asynchronously perform a stream collection
Candidate: add a function function , asynchronous function .
Reference: convert from the type used by the reflection accessors to the type used by native accessors . e . g . , for enums , the reflection accessors use enumvaluedescriptors
Candidate: convert the native type from the native accessors to e . g . used by reflection accessors to enums , the reflection accessors use enumvaluedescriptors
Reference: register a builder for the company id . the given builder is added at the beginning of the list of the builders for the company id .
Candidate: this the methods of the the circular methods and call this to the the methods to the the methods . the methods to the the new task1 and the the
Reference: copy reil code for node
Candidate: serializes a map to a map .
Reference: this isn ' t what the ri does . the ri doesn ' t have hard - coded defaults , so supplying your own " content . types . user
Candidate: this isn ' t have what ri doesn ' t have hard / coded defaults , so supplying your own content types .
Reference: reads string data from a reader
Candidate: attempts to a a string on the given string .
Reference: computes the similarity of two sequences
Candidate: split the double array of the split double items .
Reference: gratuitous and stupid recursion
Candidate: notify modeswitchlistener , and writes the association in the database .
Reference: finds index of the string . returns - 1 if the string was not found .
Candidate: finds the index of the string . if the string was not found .
Reference: method to prepare instruction operand with given parameters .
Candidate: prepare method operand with the operand parameters .
Reference: divide and conquer brownian bridge ; not thread - safe ! ! ! ! !
Candidate: returns the standard by the given ratingcolor sample .
Reference: returns the version corresponding to the given document type .
Candidate: returns a boolean value . this method does not attempt .
Reference: tests whether or not a string matches against a pattern . the pattern may contain two special characters : < br > ' * ' means zero or more characters
Candidate: tests whether or not string matches against a pattern . < p > note : or not characters in a string .
Reference: this will merge the coordinates of the given coordinate system .
Candidate: returns a list of a list of doubles .
Reference: prints an integer to standard output and flushes standard output .
Candidate: prints a integer to standard output and flushes standard output .
Reference: copy text . copy all sample text to the system clipboard . remember the current caret position ( selection ) and restore that afterwards .
Candidate: adds the changes to the
Reference: handles save button request .
Candidate: handles iterator handles fields .
Reference: build the description panel
Candidate: create the interface on the native interface .
Reference: creates a new http method client with default timeouts .
Candidate: creates alignertrainer for protected .
Reference: generate a signer for the with either implicit or explicit trailers for iso9796 - 2 , scheme 2 or 3 .
Candidate: computes the signer for the random time for the given time .
Reference: decodes a compressed or uncompressed text value .
Candidate: helper method to return the for
Reference: extract a set of a defined type from the passed collection using the given extractor .
Candidate: extract all revision , which will be returned in the partitions .
Reference: whether the stack is running on a zte device
Candidate: whether the stack is running on a samsung galaxy mini device
Reference: tries to normalize string to specified encoding . the number of characters returned should be the same , and tokens should remain contiguous in the output ; non - recognized
Candidate: this method is used to convert two body into into into a into a block .
Reference: returns lowest node . this node might not be in range , so most usages need to check bounds
Candidate: finds the next movement . finds more than it .
Reference: get the number of item sets .
Candidate: returns the number of this object .
Reference: creates a line primitive with a specified color for each point .
Candidate: creates a new line for each line of the specified color .
Reference: return the passed in value as an unsigned byte array .
Candidate: return the passed value as an unsigned byte array .
Reference: compute an approximate length of a bezier curve given the control points .
Candidate: create a new control board .
Reference: determine the drop action from the event
Candidate: determine the drop action from the drop
Reference: adds a property to set to the clause .
Candidate: adds a variable to the variable clause .
Reference: step to the next hashmap value , if any , reset svcs and svcidx , and return false if everything exhausted .
Candidate: reset the next value to the next hashmap , reset svcs and svcidx , false , everything exhausted .
Reference: icons courtesy of https : / / mapicons . mapsmarker . com /
Candidate: updates the list of locations that have changed in the same order to the last changed .
Reference: utility method which checks current network connection state , but will also try to perform test network request , in order to determine if user can actually perform any network
Candidate: register a connector pan to handed unregistered mech game .
Reference: assign current thread to the subscriber object . to make it work , the thread have to have a looper ( looper . mylooper ( ) ! = null )
Candidate: runs a task on the given task .
Reference: this method validates the dynamic_attribute data for format and caches parsed responseattrnames , repoattrnames strings in the set need to be in " responseattr = repoattr " format else ,
Candidate: java . supported properties . .
Reference: check if an object is an instance of a given class , or , if the class is a primitive type , if the object is an instance of the
Candidate: check if an object is an instance of an object is an instance of an instance of the class type , if an object is an instance of an instance
Reference: preserve current listeners so that there is no gap to miss a propertychange
Candidate: update the span that have already been processed in the same .
Reference: adds a command to the menu bar softkeys or into the menu dialog , this version of add allows us to place a command in an arbitrary location . this
Candidate: add a single command to the list history .
Reference: connects to the gatt server hosted on the bluetooth le device .
Candidate: connects to the gatt server hosted on the bluetooth le device .
Reference: density function of normal distribution .
Candidate: density function normal distribution . normal distribution .
Reference: draw the given shape on the given opengl object .
Candidate: draws the given with the given position .
Reference: stops all existing activemqconnectionfactory in context .
Candidate: removes the cache for the specified cache . .
Reference: load and returns the list of files .
Candidate: load the inputstream from the inputstream .
Reference: eventually sets to the given value .
Candidate: eventually sets to the given value .
Reference: returns a list of objects such that two nodes are equal if their lists are equal . be careful : the lists may contain namednodemaps and nodes , neither of
Candidate: returns the list of nodes of two objects are equal lists of objects are equal that are be careful , contain namednodemaps and objects are neither of objects .
Reference: this concatenates the elements of a collection in a string
Candidate: returns a collection for the given collection .
Reference: decodes a base 64 encoded string into byte array .
Candidate: converts method to allows converts the data into a csv string allows into allows you to decode a string via a method method allows us to provide method to the
Reference: removes all of the premove drops from premoves .
Candidate: clears the removes from the specified information .
Reference: clearbit ( int n ) outside zero
Candidate: clearbit ( int n ) outside zero
Reference: say a number . this method will append the result to the given string buffer .
Candidate: calculate value of happens tests happens happens happens regular happens happens happens happens happens happens happens happens happens happens happens happens happens happens happens happens happens change happens change happens
Reference: perform an emergency stop
Candidate: stop method assumes and multiplies by sending up .
Reference: encode the name in der form to the stream .
Candidate: encode the stream in der form to the stream .
Reference: forces a complete recalculation of the likelihood next time getlikelihood is called
Candidate: updates brings the about the about all information about the about their about so that about their information about the so that about their information about the information about the
Reference: creates an array list and fills it with elements of this list . used by toarray .
Candidate: creates an list of fills it with the elements . this list used by toarray .
Reference: removes the given connection from the list of connections to be closed when idle . this will return true if the connection is still valid , and false if the
Candidate: removes the connection from the idle connections .
Reference: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Candidate: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Reference: given some dot separated prefix , split on the colons that are not within quotes , and not within brackets .
Candidate: push an array that parameters to push an array of parameters .
Reference: parses a 1 to 32 character lower - hex string with no prefix into an unsigned long , tossing any bits higher than 64 .
Candidate: returns the length of the given character .
Reference: return the standard error of the sample skew . ref : r . r . sokal , f . j . rohlf , biometry : the principles and practice of
Candidate: returns the size ref ref ref ref ref . ref ref ref ref ref ref ref ref ref ref ref ref ref ref ref ref ref ref ref ref ref
Reference: load the policyqualifierinfotablemodel with policy qualifier info .
Candidate: load titles are supported from object .
Reference: runs an sql script ( read in using the reader parameter )
Candidate: triggers a new statement , note that it does not possible on the statement . it is not closed , but it is not possible , but does not possible
Reference: do a probablistic subtree slide move .
Candidate: on a line function . jump .
Reference: returns the first or last markersegment object in the list of the given class , or null if none is found .
Candidate: unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown
Reference: remove all supplied elements from this filterable
Candidate: removes all items from the optional stream .
Reference: create a contentassoc method . the work is done in this separate method so that complex services that need this functionality do not need to incur the reflection performance penalty
Candidate: create a contentassoc this method so that need do need to do work in the work in a separate complex so that need do need do need do need do
Reference: reset the state of the receiver in preparation for a new sessionmessage .
Candidate: used to reset the status about the modified status .
Reference: deletes item at array index removeindex . utility for remove ( object ) and iterator . remove . call only when holding lock .
Candidate: deletes item at the index removeindex . utility method . call only when holding lock .
Reference: saves all changes and closes the activity
Candidate: begins an intent that it to create it from the browser .
Reference: add an sms to the out box .
Candidate: create a new uri , to delete a new , , ,
Reference: subscribes to an observable , printing all its emissions . blocks until the observable calls oncompleted or onerror .
Candidate: subscribes to the observable block blocks until the observable observable that gets all discovery or onerror .
Reference: returns a " nicescaling " number approximately equal to the range . rounds the number if round = = true . takes the ceiling if round = false .
Candidate: calculates the number of y values in a frequency estimator .
Reference: implementation for the four public remove / replace methods : replaces node value with v , conditional upon match of cv if non - null . if resulting value is
Candidate: implementation of objects if the modified array is modified modified if the hierarchy is modified modified if the hierarchy is modified modified if modified modified if modified modified if modified
Reference: copies a header from a request
Candidate: copies a request from a request
Reference: call sendmetric to track the new value of the named metric .
Candidate: writes a value to the specified value .
Reference: attempts to copy all of the acceptable fields from the source and set on this document , overwriting any existing values .
Candidate: returns all fields whose fields are match the given regular expression .
Reference: find the classpath url for a specific classpath resource . the classpath url is extracted from loader . getresource ( ) using the baseresource .
Candidate: try to resolve relative resources to installed resources resources resources . resources resources . resources resources . resources resources . resources resources . resources resources . resources resources . resources
Reference: rendering using the provided formatter .
Candidate: renders the model in the model ' s epl textual representation .
Reference: returns true unless the attribute value was provided by dtd defaulting .
Candidate: test the current of current current to be cached to the current happens .
Reference: creates a statarchivereader that will read the named archive file .
Candidate: constructs a new instance of the specified file .
Reference: instantiates ssocketaddr with the address of the host ' s adb process .
Candidate: asserts that we need to run scripts .
Reference: reads a block from a given location .
Candidate: read from a block from a given location .
Reference: tries to match tagname to known tag names .
Candidate: returns true if the string contains any escaped ( ) call to be included in the backing individual element escaped ) .
Reference: shuts down the application by delegating service cleanups to the application thread .
Candidate: attempt to the the specified platform . this is overridden when the user has been supplied .
Reference: returns true if the node at the specified display row is currently expanded .
Candidate: returns true if the returns true if the returns true if the returns true if the returns true if the returns true if the returns true if the returns true
Reference: determines the position in the string where a label that might be contained ends
Candidate: returns a char allowable char . .
Reference: adds a listener to the set of listeners that are sent events through the life of an animation , such as start , repeat , and end .
Candidate: adds a listener to the set of listeners that are sent events through the life of an animation , such as start , repeat , and end .
Reference: construct httpmethodinfo object for a handler method that does not support streaming .
Candidate: ask the wrapper on the default component .
Reference: checks repeated bytes field equality . only non - null elements are tested . returns true if the two fields have the same sequence of non - null elements .
Candidate: checks repeated returns true if two elements are have the same elements . elements are non - null elements .
Reference: draws the text for either an edge or a node .
Candidate: text the text text text the text text
Reference: give this list of races , whereas the dialog picks out the one it currently has open ( if present ) .
Candidate: gets the next display level if the display symbol already been found .
Reference: indicates whether the parameter is required . if the required parameter is not set , then the extension is not negotiated during the handshake .
Candidate: indicates if the status has been been been been been been ' s extension . if it ' if it ' is not been returned .
Reference: sends data to the receiver , usually the creator of the service intent .
Candidate: called by the removal should be stored to the removal of the command transfer .
Reference: analog of c match_or_replace .
Candidate: method " " " , double [ ] , " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
Reference: generates the instructions for a switch statement .
Candidate: generates the instructions for a switch statement .
Reference: print the matrix to the output stream . line the elements up in columns with a fortran - like ' fw . d ' style format .
Candidate: print the matrix to the output stream . the line elements up in columns in the fortran - like ' fw . d ' style format .
Reference: answers a set backed by a map . and the map must be empty when this method is called .
Candidate: answers a set backed by this map . must be called when the map is empty .
Reference: removes all biomes of this type from the list of biomes allowed to generate
Candidate: converts the biome to the list of biomes allowed to generate a list of biomes allowed to allowed .
Reference: calculate the requirements needed to tile the requirements given by the iterator that would be tiled . the calculation takes into consideration margin and border spacing .
Candidate: calculate the height of the row that requirements of the query . .
Reference: converts an integer to a string , prepended with a variable amount of ' 0 ' pad characters , and writes it to the given writer . < p >
Candidate: writes a integer value to the given integer value . . < p > optimized to an integer , rather than optimized to small records .
Reference: returns a new or search filter with the provided filter components .
Candidate: extracts all symbols referenced according to the default pool .
Reference: injects a " blob " instruction into the outbound guacamole protocol stream , as if sent by the connected client . " blob " instructions are used to send chunks
Candidate: loads the signature of the given string from the given stream .
Reference: defines what will be the axis labels
Candidate: defines the axis labels to what the axis
Reference: merge an interval into the given interval set .
Candidate: gets the set of partitions for the given intervals .
Reference: a gstring variant of the equivalent charsequence method .
Candidate: this method takes a charsequence builder .
Reference: adds an topological node to this graph .
Candidate: add a node to the node .
Reference: print text in the console .
Candidate: print colored text in the console .
Reference: trims the data row to the number of actually used elements .
Candidate: trims the thread to the target thread .
Reference: recursive call to further subdivide the array .
Candidate: this method to the the array of the .
Reference: checks that the threads do not terminate within the given millisecond delay .
Candidate: delay waits for passing specified of ( ) between specified of specified , and specified of the specified delay ( e . g , and ) . < p /
Reference: set the identifier of the process
Candidate: creates a new instance screenshot
Reference: apply this frequency domain processor to the given data , and return the processing result in - place .
Candidate: transform the sorted transform , sorted transform , transform , transform transform , transform , transform , transform , transform , transform , transform , transform , transform , transform
Reference: on message received handler
Candidate: message received handler
Reference: shoves aside traces , so that a via with the input parameters can be inserted without clearance violations . if the shove failed , the database may be damaged ,
Candidate: add the given layer in the given by the given corner in the given title . if the title is required to be inserted in the layer and the title
Reference: returns true if , for one of the buffers , the threshold has been exceeded .
Candidate: returns true if the current state has been exceeded .
Reference: converts a given hex string separated by colons to a byte array .
Candidate: convert a string to the binary version of strings .
Reference: equals ( ) with two strings where either could be null
Candidate: equals ( where either two strings ) could either could either could either could either could be either null
Reference: for f format , the flag character ' - ' , means that the output should be left justified within the field . the default is to pad with blanks
Candidate: a the format that the output format . the character format .
Reference: return the length of the largest item in the list
Candidate: returns the number of length of the specified string .
Reference: write a portion of an array of characters .
Candidate: write an portion of an array of characters .
Reference: rounds this point , so that if this point is on the left side of any directed line with direction p_dir , the result point will also be on the
Candidate: rounds this point on the right side of directed p_dir , this point on the result point , so the result of the directed result point on the result point
Reference: determines a proxy for the given target .
Candidate: determines a proxy for the given target .
Reference: adds a forward reference to this label . this method must be called only for a true forward reference , i . e . only if this label is not
Candidate: adds a forward reference to this label . this method must be called only for a true forward reference , i . e . only if this label is not
Reference: returns an array containing all of the elements in this list in proper sequence ( from first to last element ) . < p > the returned array will be
Candidate: returns an array containing all of the elements in this list , in proper sequence from the last element . < p > the returned array will be
Reference: indicates whether the server is currently running .
Candidate: indicates whether the server is currently running .
Reference: method extracts the vcf file stored within the zipped import file to the given destination file . it further returns the corresponding hmac stored within the archive .
Candidate: replaces a shared file to a file
Reference: attempts to register the username , password combination . checks if username not already exist . returns true if successful , false otherwise .
Candidate: if the user is register to the currently identified by the user .
Reference: create a < code > select column1 , column2 , . . . from tablename
Candidate: creates a csv row into a table .
Reference: basic method for testing if a given class is a jmx compliant standard mbean . this method is only called by the legacy code in com . sun . management
Candidate: create a interface from a proxy interface interface . if a is is a proxy interface is a proxy interface is a dynamic interface , create a proxy interface interface
Reference: to string set . < p > warn : bypasses auto - escaping , caller handles . ( e . g . the object wrapper used to rewrap the result
Candidate: handles helper method for adding to exceptions . < p > warn : bypasses the auto - wrapper
Reference: creates a signaturetokenconnection with the provided inputstream to java keystore file and password .
Candidate: create a file store specified store .
Reference: overrides marshaloutputstream . writelocation implementation to write annotations to the location stream .
Candidate: gets the location of the custom location .
Reference: look up a field in the vtable .
Candidate: sort ( ) ( ) ) ) ) ) ) ) table ( ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
Reference: evaluates the xpath expression as text .
Candidate: evaluates the xpath expression in the given expression .
Reference: converts the specified netty http / 1 headers into armeria http / 2 headers .
Candidate: processes all names of all processes jamon information .
Reference: calculates the rms audio level from the provided short sample extract
Candidate: log the file to the file
Reference: initialize the shader program .
Candidate: initialize the shader program .
Reference: checks if the given alias exists in this keystore .
Candidate: checks if the given alias exists in this keystore .
Reference: invert the set of relations selected in the table . don ' t change the state of any relation .
Candidate: invert the set of relations in the table .
Reference: float value of a negative bigdecimal
Candidate: float value of a negative bigdecimal
Reference: binds the keystore to the truststore service . this method is needed to prevent compilation errors .
Candidate: sets the tcp flag to the purposes .
Reference: this is a developer testing function subclasses can call to draw dots at the model ' s location of all connections on this block . never called by default .
Candidate: according to to see if the specified is to the specified mode .
Reference: determine whether or not the given instruction is a control flow merge .
Candidate: given the given of given instruction .
Reference: loads the trust manager using the vipr keystore .
Candidate: initializes the builder of the the builder . the builder builder should be used for the system of the system .
Reference: tell if the current node is outside the document element .
Candidate: tell if the current node is outside the document element .
Reference: constructs a thread pool with given parameters .
Candidate: creates a new execution threads that can be used for all threads threads .
Reference: calls invoke and throws a runtimeexception if it fails .
Candidate: constructs an assertion with the specified conversion .
Reference: clears the penetration information .
Candidate: clears all penetration information .
Reference: returns the name of this element type .
Candidate: returns the name of this element type .
Reference: adds a new helper text color , which should be used to highlight the helper text , which indicates the password strength .
Candidate: add a text to which color , which should be used to highlight text , which can be used to highlight text , which will be used to red highlight
Reference: hook function overridden in instrumentedraptorworker b / efore advancing to the next minute
Candidate: * the * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Reference: creates a new listbasedtokenstream which uses the given tokens as its token source .
Candidate: creates a new listbasedtokenstream which uses the same as the one of the source .
Reference: use the given classloader rather than using the system class
Candidate: return a if a has a or not if the has been has not forces or not .
Reference: creates a new map based from an existing map with just valid parameters . tries to convert parameters to required type .
Candidate: creates an existing map with the parameters to convert parameters to the original map .
Reference: look for a sequence of bytes in a byte array .
Candidate: read the number of less , and number of less less less less less less less less less less less less less less less less less less less less less
Reference: synthesize a new edge , and add it to the result . the new edge goes from head to tail , and it ' s relationship type is obtained from
Candidate: resets the collection of nodes
Reference: append states to the state vector .
Candidate: add the state of states states states .
Reference: readobject is called to restore the state of the servicepermission from a stream .
Candidate: readobject is called to restore the state of the propertypermission from a stream .
Reference: retries regenumkeyex ( ) max_attempts times before giving up .
Candidate: java ( ) max_attempts suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable
Reference: add a new task
Candidate: adds a task to the list . assigning it to the list .
Reference: initialize the compute shader .
Candidate: compute the compute shader .
Reference: sorts the elements in the list in - place .
Candidate: sort all values in increasing order .
Reference: creates an object from a byte buffer .
Candidate: read an object from the given buffer .
Reference: todo : vmax3 customized names generate group names which doesn ' t exist in array already .
Candidate: generate the policy name name with the name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name
Reference: test method from apache derby project class org . apache . derbytesting . functiontests . tests . jdbcapi . databasemetadatatest takes a result set and an array of expected column
Candidate: set apache definitions from apache derby class from org . apache . apache . apache . apache . apache .
Reference: creates an action group containing the specified actions .
Candidate: the the next row to the the provided port .
Reference: adds a dataline to the list at a row . all forms of add ( . . ) eventually end up here . extending classes should override this if they
Candidate: add the multi - to the this to be performed to the multi - fragment .
Reference: pushes the new term to the top of the stack , and writes new blocks .
Candidate: pushes the new term to the top of the stack .
Reference: create a new numericliteral .
Candidate: create a new numericliteral .
Reference: check if mineshafter is present . if it is , we need to bypass it to send post requests
Candidate: check if mineshafter is present , we need to bypass it to send post requests
Reference: each row or line at least show one child horizontal only show child can show or partly show in parent
Candidate: sets the width of the to the the , the will be truncated to the width , and the width will be up to the width of the width ,
Reference: cas head field . used only by enq .
Candidate: cas head field . used by only enq .
Reference: grow the pixel buffer if necessary . using this method instead of allocating a new buffer every time a frame is grabbed improves performance by reducing the frequency of garbage
Candidate: sets the size of the reallocate if the size is interesting .
Reference: remove a dependency , regardless of its kind .
Candidate: remove a dependency , regardless of its kind .
Reference: creates a new chm with an aggressive concurrency level , aimed at high concurrent update rate long living maps .
Candidate: gets partition list of clearing its partition list . clearing of clearing its partition list .
Reference: returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection with respect to the named event
Candidate: returns true if the , at the time , this object will accept a connection via the named event
Reference: skips all consecutive whitespace characters from reader
Candidate: reads the next character from the reader .
Reference: compiling templates requires that we be able to list the avts added 9 / 5 / 2000 to support compilation experiment
Candidate: compiling support templates to the shape .
Reference: extracts a map of name / value pairs from the given string . names are expected to be unique .
Candidate: parse a string from the given string .
Reference: constructs a priority queue that contains the elements of a collection . the constructed priority queue has the initial capacity of 110 % of the size of the collection .
Candidate: constructs a priority queue that contains the elements of the collection constructed . the initial capacity of 110 % of the size of the collection .
Reference: gets the resource id . for root schema config , this will be null . otherwise , it will be the name of the schema type this provider addresses .
Candidate: returns the full object from the provided object .
Reference: see above for explanation .
Candidate: if a null is null , or null , or null if no number of a null or null if null is is null , or null , or null
Reference: returns a boolean flag indicating if the state is initial ( just starting )
Candidate: this is used to check if the current game configuration .
Reference: return a charsequence with lines ( separated by lf , cr / lf , or cr ) terminated by the platform specific line separator .
Candidate: adds the character character as any character character .
Reference: save content of containerconfig instance into xml file ( schema or configuration ) .
Candidate: init the given file to the file .
Reference: returns whether the printng was aborted using this printingstatus
Candidate: returns true if the compilation has been acquired .
Reference: puts a key / value pair into the array , optimizing for the case where the key is greater than all existing keys in the array .
Candidate: puts a key / value pair into the array , optimizing for the case where the key is greater than all existing keys in the array .
Reference: http : / / b / 3042574 gzipinputstream . skip ( ) causing crc failures
Candidate: test : / c / 3042574 gzipinputstream / skip / b / 3042574 gzipinputstream / gzipinputstream . txt ( skip b ) causing crc failures .
Reference: creates a data package with information used by the server when responding to requests
Candidate: creates the contents of the the package .
Reference: prints a boolean to standard output and flushes standard output .
Candidate: prints a boolean to standard output and flushes standard output .
Reference: this will allocate system resources for the space .
Candidate: tries to add an element .
Reference: close the jdbc connection
Candidate: closes the database associated with the resultset .
Reference: creates a new version object from the current one , but append a new qualifier to it .
Candidate: creates a new object from the given object . if it exists , removes it from the current version .
Reference: perform a 16bit load where the sign extended result fills the return value
Candidate: mark the routing to the charseq .
Reference: helper method to convert a byte [ ] array ( such as a msgid ) to a hex string
Candidate: converts a byte array to a byte array .
Reference: remove an existing baggage handler that was previously registered . method does nothing if the handler isn ' t currently registered .
Candidate: releases a baggage handler .
Reference: creates a new dataset where all the z - values are initially 0 . this is a fixed size array of z - values .
Candidate: multiply a number with the given number of .
Reference: compare two 2 - dimensional event arrays .
Candidate: compares the two lists of the array .
Reference: this method breaks concatenation mode . as a side effect it copies the concatenated string to the first text node
Candidate: brings the labels to the set . .
Reference: convert java proxy annotation to specialized implementation , used to speedup equals / hashcode / tostring methods .
Candidate: return the annotations of annotations that is present to the annotations annotations annotations annotations .
Reference: this method should be used to parse an expression , like " a = b " . it differs from the parse ( ) methods in it ' s handling
Candidate: prints an error with the correct insertion merges an optional sorted kernel with the correct order merges the correct result . merges how merges the correct merges merges merges merges
Reference: adds the given section to the list of tickmark sections .
Candidate: adds the given section to the list of ticklabel sections .
Reference: compute q_i ( exponential distribution , inliers )
Candidate: returns the discount access from the synchronized .
Reference: flush any io to disk . for testing purposes .
Candidate: flush the output stream .
Reference: deletes characters from the buffer .
Candidate: converts the current tab to the given position .
Reference: add a plotter to the graph , which will be used to plot entries
Candidate: add a plotter to the graph , which will be used to plot entries
Reference: utility for ceiling , floor , lower , higher methods .
Candidate: utility for ceiling , floor , lower , higher methods .
Reference: adds a listener that receives the data and error messages .
Candidate: adds a listener to the notifications .
Reference: writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg compressed bitmap , removing prior exif tags .
Candidate: writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg compressed bitmap , removing prior exif tags .
Reference: returns true if there is another match in the input , starting from the given position . the region is ignored .
Candidate: returns true if the given matches from the receiver .
Reference: sets the action bits as appropriate for the given fault and action
Candidate: get the status of the long value .
Reference: check whether the given charsequence contains any whitespace characters .
Candidate: check if any given contains whitespace whitespace characters .
Reference: will return true if any extensions are present and marked as critical as we currently dont handle any extensions !
Candidate: will return true if any extensions are present and marked as critical as we currently dont handle any extensions !
Reference: parses a value from a base64 - encoded string using the given coder .
Candidate: decodes the encoded bytes using the given bytes using the given bytes .
Reference: performs validation on a set of string .
Candidate: verifies an reset message against an sync policy .
Reference: adds all values together
Candidate: returns the number of doubles , positive values
Reference: list database groups the specific user has provided passwords
Candidate: used for all names from the list of servers . away names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names
Reference: calculate the function value for the input . for each output ( j ) , the function value is : c0 ( j ) + x ^ n * (
Candidate: displays a standard from standard input stream ( standard ) and the standard by a standard readresolve ( ) method testing . tests that the standard output that have the
Reference: adds a long value to the request .
Candidate: adds a long value to the request .
Reference: call the comparator on the column
Candidate: comparator compare the specified comparator .
Reference: enable objects to listen for changes to the check box
Candidate: adds an action listener to the panels .
Reference: calculate the bounds for a view ' s title
Candidate: calculate the bounds for a view ' s title
Reference: gf addition or subtraction ( they are identical for a gf ( 2 ^ n )
Candidate: returns the data for the specified key . returns the if the specified is null .
Reference: generates the content - type value
Candidate: generates a string representation of for debugging purposes .
Reference: returns the offset of the first field in the range [ headersize , sizeof ] .
Candidate: finds the fields of the given entity in the given entity .
Reference: if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the
Candidate: if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the
Reference: send a warning log message
Candidate: send a warning log message
Reference: updates the key ready ops and selected key set .
Candidate: updates the selected key ready ops set selected .
Reference: retrieve the first element and remove it from the list
Candidate: returns the list of the given element of the given position .
Reference: handles user interaction with the property panel .
Candidate: handles actions within the panel .
Reference: javax . net . ssl . sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer src , bytebuffer [ ] dsts ) illegalstateexception should be thrown .
Candidate: javax . net . ssl . sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer src , bytebuffer dst ) illegalstateexception should be thrown .
Reference: upgrades a server instance .
Candidate: creates a new instance with all attributes and defaults .
Reference: creates a new instance of the class represented by the given class object
Candidate: get an instance of the given class class .
Reference: pops a type from the output frame stack .
Candidate: pops a type from the output frame stack .
Reference: initiate a msrp session
Candidate: initiate a rtp session
Reference: create a new forum post . you must set the forum id for the post .
Candidate: create a new forum post .
Reference: draw a mark transforming co - ordinates to each axis
Candidate: draws the horizontal axis .
Reference: componentlistener interface method . should not be called directly . invoked when component has been resized , and kicks off a projection change .
Candidate: called when component component component resized .
Reference: get the string represenentation of this step for diagnostic purposes .
Candidate: get the string represenentation of this step for diagnostic purposes .
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: description of this method .
Reference: reforms the value change and informs the listeners .
Candidate: responds to the table being pulled by the field value in the table .
Reference: writes bytes to zip entry .
Candidate: writes the compressed data to the output stream . this method will be written to the underlying stream .
Reference: update the gravity point only if a the gravity vector is longer than the threshold
Candidate: responds to the the to the .
Reference: joins this task , without returning its result or throwing its exception . this method may be useful when processing collections of tasks when some have been cancelled or otherwise
Candidate: joins this task without returning its throwing its result or throwing its exception . this method may be useful when processing collections of tasks some have been cancelled or otherwise
Reference: override method used to configure the horizontal drag . restrict the motion of the dragged child view along the horizontal axis .
Candidate: transform method to the the center of the axis . the method is used by the interior of transform .
Reference: constructs a request object wrapping the given request .
Candidate: create a new request .
Reference: convert an x coordinate from the instance space to the panel space .
Candidate: calculates a loess hold buffering linear data .
Reference: handles the request and forwards it to the hook specific destination .
Candidate: start the current local state . < p > this method will be inserted into the current local state .
Reference: retrieve primary key columns .
Candidate: this method handles the appropriate spark key for the given name .
Reference: reads 4 bytes from stream and interprets them as uint32 . < br >
Candidate: reads the bytes from input stream .
Reference: produce an antlr token for the prefix of the given leaf that overlaps the requested region
Candidate: extracts the token of the token tags . the token has a different token . the token does not contain the leading the comment of the field .
Reference: adds the given record to this data .
Candidate: inserts the data record in the csv record .
Reference: decrements the scheduled queue counter and enqueues the request .
Candidate: this is to consume the old region from the schedule .
Reference: spins / yields / blocks until node s is matched or caller gives up .
Candidate: spins / yields / blocks until caller is s gives matched or gives caller gives
Reference: concatenates the string representation of each items in this array , with the given string as a separator between each item .
Candidate: concatenates the string representation of the given string , each separator .
Reference: returns an object producer .
Candidate: removes the form of the form form .
Reference: initialize the compute shader .
Candidate: compute the compute shader .
Reference: if task completed success or failure from response .
Candidate: returns true if the current returns true if the currently locked or returns false in the success .
Reference: center set of nodes half way between left and right most node in the list
Candidate: align set with the list of nodes in the top most node .
Reference: append text to the outgoing email body .
Candidate: append the text to text to the text buffer . enclosed by the completion of enclosed by vcard
Reference: restores the previous state of the selection on the items .
Candidate: change the selection for copying the selection status .
Reference: constructs a new hour .
Candidate: constructs a new instance based on the supplied values .
Reference: reverts to the last backed up version of the dataset .
Candidate: opens the given and load the
Reference: checks to see if we are connected using wifi
Candidate: wraps all fields using the default axis
Reference: done with this responsewriter . . . make sure any buffers are flushed to writer
Candidate: writes the output stream to the output stream .
Reference: return true if there are no extension present in this generator .
Candidate: return true if there are no extension present in this generator .
Reference: creates a new process from the given process file . this might have been created with the gui beforehand .
Candidate: reads the input in the given input file .
Reference: extracts unique musicid from the mediaid . mediaid is , by this sample ' s convention , a concatenation of category ( eg " by_genre " ) , categoryvalue (
Candidate: extracts unique musicid from the mediaid , by this ' s convention , this sample concatenation of the unique convention of the identity
Reference: verify identity . getscope ( ) returns identity ' s scope
Candidate: verify identity . getscope ( ) returns identity ' s scope
Reference: build a list of parameters that can be provided to a method .
Candidate: build a list of parameters that can be a provided parameters .
Reference: this is a fast operation ( logarithmic in the size of the cell union ) .
Candidate: this is the fast size of logarithmic in the size of the cell union ) .
Reference: creates a seeded simplex noise generator with the given random
Candidate: creates a seeded simplex noise generator .
Reference: converts to primitive array .
Candidate: converts primitive array into its int array .
Reference: processes the stats line to sum up all network stats belonging to the uid .
Candidate: remove the properties from the given string .
Reference: lazily construct the lookup table for this schema . used to accelerate name - based lookups of schema information .
Candidate: lazily construct information based on the lookup table . this table is used for accelerate schema .
Reference: a printout of a user - friendly string describing the format
Candidate: returns a string object represented as object
Reference: readdata - - input the modbus message from din . if there was a header , such as for modbus / tcp , it will have been read already .
Candidate: readdata - read from the input stream .
Reference: adjusts the current indentation level of this log stream .
Candidate: either the maximum value for the specified position . either subtrees is at the either the the current position or at either the the .
Reference: retrieves the maximum capacity of the map .
Candidate: retrieves the weighted capacity of the buffer .
Reference: swallow up a code string . code strings begin with " { : " and include all characters up to the first occurrence of " : } " ( there
Candidate: creates a string from a java .
Reference: returns a random number between min ( inclusive ) and max ( exclusive )
Candidate: toggle the the between the product item .
Reference: test close on a new tree - should force the root to the store since a new root is dirty ( if empty ) . reopen should then reload the
Candidate: try to verify and then try to verify that they have been dump .
Reference: given a relative file path and a list of " search paths " returns the search path where the file was located
Candidate: returns the path of the file path .
Reference: will return true if any extensions are present and marked as critical as we currently don ' t handle any extensions !
Candidate: will return true if any extensions are present and marked as critical as we don ' t handle any extensions !
Reference: internal method to perform the normalization .
Candidate: internal method to perform the normalization .
Reference: appends the string associated with the range in which the specified double value fits to the specified string buffer .
Candidate: appends the string associated with the specified string in the range string .
Reference: checks if the jvm parameters have the repository and agent information .
Candidate: note : we have been send , e . g .
Reference: if the user can be authenticated due to an existing session id , do so
Candidate: checks if the session is still available , then return it can be called remotely .
Reference: make sure that when we change a view , that change in reflected in other sessions command cache .
Candidate: this method should be called by removing " warnings .
Reference: for a given amount and unit size , generate the approximate value .
Candidate: work of work of work .
Reference: creates an element in the specified namespace , with the specified tag and namespace prefix .
Candidate: creates the test case .
Reference: modifies the given file in place .
Candidate: apply the given column to the given output file .
Reference: the commands to execute when in state 2 .
Candidate: execute to execute the commands in
Reference: tests the listing of the options
Candidate: tests the listing of the options
Reference: lltoworld that returns normalized longitude in radians , to be used for more calculations in some methods . do not provide a null lp here if you want the world
Candidate: calculates the result of variables of the result . the result of the same variables are different result .
Reference: notifies when the size or the orientation of the view has actually changed .
Candidate: notifies the height of the .
Reference: remove a layout turntable
Candidate: remove an positionablepoint - an anchor or an end bumper .
Reference: process notification of the end of an xml element being reached .
Candidate: process notification of the end of an xml element being reached .
Reference: convert an bufferedimage to a matrix
Candidate: convert a matrix to an ndarray
Reference: instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
Candidate: instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
Reference: get the total number of scheduled requests .
Candidate: returns the ongoing recoveries for a shard serves .
Reference: constructs a new dgeneralnamechooser dialog .
Candidate: creates a new dupgradecryptostrength object .
Reference: clears any references the scene is holding for its contents . this does not clear the items themselves as they may be held by some other scene .
Candidate: clears the scene , holding song scene .
Reference: attempt to match the host runtime to a capable platform implementation .
Candidate: attempt to match the host capable .
Reference: adds a limited mitre join connecting the two reflex offset segments . a limited mitre is a mitre which is beveled at the distance determined by the mitre ratio limit
Candidate: do the we just the the head of the month . the time . just the month .
Reference: discards any characters outside of the base64 alphabet , per the requirements on page 25 of rfc 2045 - " any characters outside of the base64 alphabet are to be
Candidate: discards any characters outside of the base64 alphabet , per the requirements on page 25 of rfc 2045 - " any characters outside of the base64 alphabet are to be
Reference: multiply two numbers of different scales
Candidate: multiply two numbers of different positive scales
Reference: limit leaseduration by limit , and check for negative value .
Candidate: limit leaseduration by the given limit .
Reference: returns a cookie - safe path by truncating everything after the last " / " . when request path like " / foo / bar . html " yields a
Candidate: removes the specified path from the specified path .
Reference: returns string from double formatted to decimalformat ( " # # # . # # " )
Candidate: convert a double to a formatted format . decimalformat : 00 # 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00
Reference: creates a label generator with the specified date formatter .
Candidate: creates a new instance of the supplied locale .
Reference: delete items starting with s ( start position ) to e ( end position ) including s and e if s < 0 then s = 0 if e >
Candidate: updates the number of in the current of
Reference: translate an oid to a thread id . arc follow the long big - endian order .
Candidate: convert an oid into its array of bytes .
Reference: add the values to the cache .
Candidate: generates a workflow method generates a corresponding id a delimiter id useful for a delimiter id
Reference: reads a policy configuration using a reader object . < p >
Candidate: reads a configuration object into a reader object . < p >
Reference: extract value from provider for given volume info key , and then get its name and use that to inject to map .
Candidate: converts the attributes to the set set set set set set set set set set set set set set set set set set set set set set set set set
Reference: implementation of adapter . ondetachedfromrecyclerview ( recyclerview ) < p > called when this expandablerecycleradapter is detached from a recyclerview .
Candidate: called from the adapter ondetachedfromrecyclerview ( recyclerview ) .
Reference: loads the specified file into the table
Candidate: loads the specified file into the specified file
Reference: responds to a change in the destination type .
Candidate: handles the the of the the to the the the of the . if the is is enabled .
Reference: try to open a stream as gzip , if it starts with the gzip magic . todo : move to utils package .
Candidate: traverse the contents of the stream .
Reference: returns the hash code value for this object .
Candidate: returns the hashcode for this object .
Reference: create a prefix query for matching a cidr network range .
Candidate: generates an instance of a given value to a given value .
Reference: returns a subject for the given amidentity .
Candidate: create a new instance for a specific and a new and a new and a new and a new and a new and a new and a new and a
Reference: makes sure the capacity and size of the vector can accomodate the given index . the capacity of the vector is simply doubled until it can accomodate its size .
Candidate: makes sure the capacity of the given vector can accomodate the given size . the size of the simply doubled until it can accomodate its size .
Reference: add " groovyc " parameters to the commandlinelist , based on the ant configuration .
Candidate: add the paths and add them to the add them .
Reference: loads the image ( s ) for this hex into the tracker .
Candidate: puts the given so the can the meta .
Reference: triangulate a pointset with eventual constraints
Candidate: triangulate a pointset with eventual constraints
Reference: encodes a string with base64url encoding it also removes characters which must be removed according to the jose spec : http : / / tools . ietf . org /
Candidate: encode encode encode encode encode encode encode encode encode encode encode encode encode encode encode encode encode encode encode encode encode encode encode encode encode encode encode encode encode encode
Reference: writes out a source / sink specification object for java static fields
Candidate: this method initializes an instance of the xml element .
Reference: readobject is called to restore the state of the filepermission from a stream .
Candidate: read the state of the stream .
Reference: parses the data from the supplied reader , using the supplied baseuri to resolve any relative uri references .
Candidate: parses the supplied uri from the supplied file .
Reference: parses the specified string to return the portion not containing the destination statement . this is needed so that the main text which when parsed , indicates the direction icon
Candidate: find the text of the the
Reference: discards any characters outside of the base64 alphabet , per the requirements on page 25 of rfc 2045 - " any characters outside of the base64 alphabet are to be
Candidate: discards any characters outside of the base64 alphabet , per the requirements on page 25 of rfc 2045 - " any characters outside of the base64 alphabet are to be
Reference: replaces unprintable characters by their escaped ( or unicode escaped ) equivalents in the given string
Candidate: replaces unprintable characters by their escaped ( or unicode escaped ) equivalents in the given string
Reference: adds a file to the classpath .
Candidate: add a file file to the file file .
Reference: insert new records at a specified index .
Candidate: inserts the items row to the table index .
Reference: process a whole collection of integer values . if any of the values is smaller than the current minimum , it will become the new minimum . if any of
Candidate: add the given value to the .
Reference: return an intbuffer that accesses the major version number . this is used to create a monitor object for this value .
Candidate: create an intbuffer for create an intbuffer .
Reference: sets the settings and mappings as a single source .
Candidate: fetches the shop adjustment associated with the matching index .
Reference: creates data to be signed from the digest .
Candidate: create a new tile does not work in the same cache .
Reference: set the ' if - modified - since ' request header to the given value
Candidate: adjust a value to adjust a wrong value .
Reference: create a tmp journal file for test cases .
Candidate: create a file for the specified file .
Reference: generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack .
Candidate: generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack .
Reference: allocate an array dynamically . the array . newinstance method does not throw an error and silently returns a null . throws an outofmemoryerror if insufficient space is available .
Candidate: create an array of the array array .
Reference: see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 7
Candidate: see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 7
Reference: sets up this animatorset to play all of the supplied animations at the same time .
Candidate: sets up this animatorset to play all of the supplied animations at the same time .
Reference: print an error message for the given error .
Candidate: this method must be called by calling security .
Reference: a method for other parts of the application to get stats the command processor uses this to report stats on request
Candidate: return a printable string for the broker .
Reference: applies l1 regularization to the model
Candidate: this method calculates the version of the the distribution . the values of the the values of the values .
Reference: this method cannot be called directly .
Candidate: this method cannot be called directly .
Reference: returns all the text at the given url .
Candidate: gets the given string from the given string .
Reference: loads the move participants for the given element .
Candidate: create the xml participants for the given element .
Reference: determines the preference vector according to the specified neighbor ids .
Candidate: returns the internal to the specified mech .
Reference: paint the arrow in disabled state .
Candidate: paint the arrow shadow .
Reference: flipbit ( int n ) inside a negative number
Candidate: flipbit ( int n ) inside a negative number
Reference: add a user to database
Candidate: lays out the screen - existing id .
Reference: check if there are more events . returns true if there are more events and false otherwise .
Candidate: checks if the task is is a .
Reference: close the jdbc connection
Candidate: closes the database associated with the resultset .
Reference: extracts xmpmeta from a jpeg image file stream .
Candidate: extracts xmpmeta from a jpeg image file stream .
Reference: initialize and add validator
Candidate: steps change to
Reference: apply cross - over operation to bayesnet calculate score and as a side effect sets bayesnet parent sets .
Candidate: apply effect to bayesnet calculate score cross - cross - score .
Reference: resets the digest for further use .
Candidate: reset initial state to setting state initial state .
Reference: creates a user - defined perspectives , and possibly switches to this new perspective immediately . the new perspective will be a copy of the current one .
Candidate: shows an http filename / html dialog .
Reference: get a phred - scaled quality value corresponding to the supplied error rate .
Candidate: returns the number of the error .
Reference: returns the descriptor representing the given type .
Candidate: returns the descriptor representing the given type .
Reference: get the string encoded version of this object
Candidate: this method to encode the given string .
Reference: ensures that this token has one of the given expected types .
Candidate: creates a assignable exception to the specified of the specified builder .
Reference: updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate3 ( ) . updates values in a several columns in the table
Candidate: updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate4 ( ) updates values in the columns in the table .
Reference: this method checks if we correctly handle assigning null values to blobs .
Candidate: init all data for the database . note that we can be called resultset from the database .
Reference: check if this type is assignable from the given type .
Candidate: check if this type assignable from the given type .
Reference: method used to insert penalty in egdemanddetail table . penalty amount will be calculated depending upon the cheque amount .
Candidate: method that used to be used to the the table in the table table in the table table .
Reference: constructs a sample info from the given byte buffer .
Candidate: remove a fresh from the input stream .
Reference: invoked by parent during its maintenance interval
Candidate: clears the project box from the box .
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table topic
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table discussion
Reference: times and records the duration of event .
Candidate: method to handle the accessibility simulate that the the time of the that the the of the that the the time and the the time of the .
Reference: checks if the specified bytecode version string represents a jdk 1 . 7 + compatible bytecode version .
Candidate: checks if the specified bytecode string represents jdk version 5 .
Reference: a specialized simplified mapping source method , takes the form of simple properties definition : ( " field1 " , " type = string , store = true " )
Candidate: specialized method to convert a mapping definition of a symbols in a map .
Reference: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Candidate: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Reference: try to find a template given a normalized path .
Candidate: returns the first matches the template .
Reference: initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory . creates the root directory if necessary .
Candidate: initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory . creates the root directory if necessary .
Reference: register a circularprogressviewlistener with this view
Candidate: adds a listener to the workspace .
Reference: constructs a sitestatuscheckthreadimpl object based on the configured parameter com . sun . identity . sitemonitor . sitestatuscheck . class .
Candidate: creates a new daytimecondition
Reference: draw the t3 glyph
Candidate: prints the left - 1 .
Reference: method for beancontextchild interface .
Candidate: method for beancontextchild interface .
Reference: util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
Candidate: util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
Reference: replaces the list of retained vars with the specified list , returning the old list . if no list is specified then a new empty one is used .
Candidate: replaces all the consecutive fragment with the to the provided string .
Reference: release this appletclassloader and its threadgroup / appcontext . if nothing else has grabbed this appletclassloader , its threadgroup and appcontext will be destroyed . because this method may destroy
Candidate: does not perform the remote to perform the receiver to perform the case machine .
Reference: delete all tables from this database .
Candidate: init names with a list .
Reference: get one petcategory by id .
Candidate: finds one model based on the given model .
Reference: marks a default session token as removed for a particular site .
Candidate: unmarks a default token for a site .
Reference: convenience method to create a map device to cg to volume to add and remove . we want the map to contain both the volumes to add and remove segregated
Candidate: build a map to build the map to build the uri .
Reference: creates a new exchange with the specified request and origin .
Candidate: creates a new encoder with the the given and the the specified and the the .
Reference: computes the alpha value of the tab based on its discard status .
Candidate: calculates the distance between two rectangles .
Reference: converts " standard unix time " ( in seconds , utc / gmt ) to filetime
Candidate: returns the nanosecond windows windows windows windows windows windows windows windows windows windows windows windows windows windows windows windows windows windows windows windows windows windows windows windows windows windows windows
Reference: generates a random iv and encrypts this plain text with the given key . then attaches a hashed mac , which is contained in the ciphertextivmac class .
Candidate: generates a random iv and encrypts this plain text with the given key . then attaches a hashed mac , which is contained in the ciphertextivmac class .
Reference: removes the given address from this user
Candidate: unregister a address address to the email address .
Reference: measures the width and height of the view , preserving the aspect ratio of the image displayed if wrap_content is used . the image will scale within this box ,
Candidate: measures the height of the width and height , preserving aspect ratio of the image displayed if wrap_content is used box within the image box within the image box box
Reference: to fire off the end element trace event
Candidate: fire off the trace to end element .
Reference: check if the product home input by the user has the locator file of the product to be migrated from .
Candidate: see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if
Reference: generate an array of spanned items representing the history of this connection .
Candidate: generate an array of spanned items representing the history of this connection .
Reference: formats the given string with the given argument .
Candidate: format the given arguments in the given format .
Reference: for a given element , extract essential settings defined by the closest ancestor prosody element and save them into the utterance . note that prosody settings outside of a paragraph
Candidate: flush the most element of the document element . if it is has the turn to the underlying value .
Reference: use to create folder in your directory
Candidate: checks if a file exists with a given directory .
Reference: after rotating , the matrix needs to be translated . this function finds the area of image which was previously centered and adjusts translations so that is again the center
Candidate: after rotating , the matrix needs to be translated . this function finds the area of image which was previously centered and adjusts translations so that is again the center
Reference: creates the ticker text for a notification having | title | and | body | . the notification ' s title will be printed in bold , followed by the
Candidate: creates the ticker notification the title ' s title will be printed in bold eq .
Reference: verify whether protocoltype already exists or not . if it doesn ' t exist then add .
Candidate: verify whether protocoltype already exists . the given doesn ' t exist .
Reference: provides detailed description of this annotation instance , including all member name - values pairs .
Candidate: provides detailed description of the annotation name .
Reference: adds an object to this set .
Candidate: adds a key value to the key .
Reference: build a configuration object from a resource , processing it as a properties file .
Candidate: load an instance from the specified resource .
Reference: log a message with full information ( if provided )
Candidate: constructs an jarinfotablemodel from a specific atom .
Reference: draws the title on a java 2d graphics device ( such as the screen or a printer ) .
Candidate: draws a new to the the the of the .
Reference: construct a public key from its encoding .
Candidate: construct a public from its encoding .
Reference: return the result count for the given search query . to allow quick repeated look ups , the hit count is cached ( this cache is cleared whenever a change
Candidate: this a hit over the cached / users responds to the given unit .
Reference: evaluates whether an expression is true or false .
Candidate: prints the model model
Reference: adds a new header with the name and value . this may be used to add multiple headers with the same name .
Candidate: add a line to the given name .
Reference: perform an asyncrhonous min operation
Candidate: perform an asyncrhonous min operation
Reference: prints a character followed by a newline .
Candidate: prints a character followed by a newline .
Reference: test verifies correct rejection of a write operation when the caller supplies an empty buffer ( no bytes remaining ) .
Candidate: store the and store the to the store .
Reference: swaps the actual cache with the built - up temporary cache and creates a fresh , empty temporary cache .
Candidate: clears all the keys in the specified object .
Reference: updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate7 ( ) . updates records in the table using subquery in update command
Candidate: updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate7 ( ) updates records in the table using subquery in the table in the table .
Reference: returns the leading indentation string of the given line . note that the returned string need not be equal to the leading whitespace as odd spaces are not considered part
Candidate: preprocesses whitespace resulting line line line line line . single line character line should be able to single line character .
Reference: does the work of getting the path .
Candidate: does the work of getting the path .
Reference: adapts the knn distances before insertion of entry q .
Candidate: determines if the given has the specified of the specified rectangle . if the is already been seen , and the target , and the the , and the the
Reference: adds files to container if they matched to template .
Candidate: read a list from a list .
Reference: divide : rounding mode is round_half_up , result is negative ; equidistant
Candidate: divide : rounding mode is round_half_down , result is positive ; distance = 1
Reference: encodes a string to base64 string
Candidate: encodes the preferred that encodes the specified alignment to the end of places the specified alignment , alignment the alignment alignment 8 places the end of the end of the
Reference: slide the panel to the desired direction .
Candidate: if the slide depending on the current state .
Reference: add a initial draweritem or a draweritem array for the stickydrawerfooter
Candidate: add a initial draweritem or a draweritem array for the stickydrawerfooter
Reference: test whether to log ' debug ' at ' finest ' level
Candidate: test whether the log level is enabled .
Reference: sorts the specified sub - array of integers into ascending order .
Candidate: sorts the specified sub - array of shorts into ascending order .
Reference: resets the iterator to its initial state .
Candidate: resets the and resets the scene .
Reference: returns the closest float approximation of the sine of the argument .
Candidate: returns the closest approximation of the closest approximation of the cosine approximation .
Reference: method to create an icon to represent the annotation and render it .
Candidate: decodes an gui value and pass the relevant value value and the relevant value
Reference: method to extract the message from the stego data
Candidate: method to validate " embed "
Reference: generates encoded session id string which uses the same extensions and tail part as prototype session id , but a different encrypted id . this method is used to generate
Candidate: gets the system that the gets the system that gets the system that gets the system that gets the system that gets the system that gets the system that gets
Reference: compute a cardinal spline , a series of cubic bezier splines smoothly connecting a set of points . cardinal splines maintain c ( 1 ) continuity , ensuring the connected
Candidate: compute a cardinal spline , a series of cubic bezier splines smoothly connecting a set of points . cardinal splines maintain c ( 1 ) continuity , ensuring connected
Reference: determinizes the given automaton . < p > worst case complexity : exponential in number of states .
Candidate: generate a random of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of
Reference: tests if the next characters on the queue match the sequence . case insensitive .
Candidate: tests if the match sequence .
Reference: find a root in a bracketing interval . < p > when calling this method one of the following must be true . either ga = = 0 , gb
Candidate: calculates the initial value series and put on the initial decimal value and put on the initial initial decimal value and sets on the initial decimal value and sets the
Reference: null safe comparison of comparables .
Candidate: compares the specified item , or compareto ( if it ' s ) is equal to compare the specified value .
Reference: returns true if the device contains superuser . apk which is stored into the device in the rooting process .
Candidate: returns true if the file exists .
Reference: adds a new expression to the database .
Candidate: creates the parameter of the parameters in the the expression . this method should be the the individual parameters . the individual parameters .
Reference: track a motion scroll
Candidate: track a motion scroll
Reference: recursively synchronizes on the components in the provided iterator and executes the provided task if there are no more components .
Candidate: returns the iterator to iterate through the given iterable .
Reference: finds a component with the given name , works even with ui ' s that weren ' t created with the gui builder
Candidate: the utility method for the next " and the " of the " do not need to do a " or " .
Reference: tests if a template contains methods with signatures that are required by the filter object . the filter object is meant to be a " self reflecting " object .
Candidate: returns true if the total is access to the discovery maps .
Reference: writes an float field value .
Candidate: writes an char field value .
Reference: extracts the column keys from a string .
Candidate: fetches the values in the specified input .
Reference: draws a rhombus ( aka . diamond ) for the given parameters .
Candidate: creates a new action with the given parameters .
Reference: this method will convert and fill list of byte buffer to list of byte array
Candidate: read the buffer of the buffer buffer .
Reference: try to create an instance of a named class . first try the classloader of " sibling " , then try the system classloader then the class loader of the
Candidate: this an instance of a class class .
Reference: the derived key function , the ith hash of the password and the salt .
Candidate: the function of the ith hash of the password and the salt .
Reference: make sure that system . runfinalization ( ) returns even if the finalization queue is never completely empty . http : / / b / 4193517
Candidate: make sure that the finalization runfinalization ( ) make sure finalization system finalization system finalization system finalization system finalization . make sure finalization finalization finalization . make sure finalization finalization
Reference: show the keyguard . will handle creating and attaching to the view manager lazily .
Candidate: when the mouse click the window .
Reference: compute the width of the string using a font with the specified " metrics " ( sizes ) .
Candidate: returns the length of the given string of the given string of the given string of the passed in the array .
Reference: checks whether the event ' s reported properties match its actual properties , e . g . does the added count minus the removed count reflect the actual change in
Candidate: returns true if we have been interrupted .
Reference: the default actionperformed method for layer . make sure you call super . actionperformed if you care about receiving palette show / hide commands . this method is also set
Candidate: parse following parameters of parameters / field name from this http : / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /
Reference: converte localdatetime para string no formato dd / mm / yyyy
Candidate: maps the given string according to the specified runtime format .
Reference: store the full metadata for a druid data source , mainly as a list of segments .
Candidate: initializes a factory factory factory and factory .
Reference: returns email object with the specified value .
Candidate: create an from from
Reference: creates a new instance of addresslookup .
Candidate: retrieve a instance of a database .
Reference: adds a changelistener to the panel
Candidate: adds a changelistener to the panel .
Reference: make an immutable node instance
Candidate: parse the attribute for the given name . the argument is the to the string is always .
Reference: creates a cell which takes a custom amount of cell spaces in the table .
Candidate: constructs the of likelihood of the provided of the provided of the provided of the provided of the provided dataarea . .
Reference: initialize local and target info
Candidate: reconfig ipsec properties for the check if the ui .
Reference: puts a new element into the dom document . the new element is added as a child to the current element in the dom document . then it becomes the
Candidate: puts a new element into a new document fragments and the dom document .
Reference: construct this object from one of the strings in the " fmt_list " parameter
Candidate: constructs an ascii packet from the strings to the " fmt_list " .
Reference: determine the matching test . defaults to equality of the node based upon the interval . subclasses can override , for example , to determine if the interval is contained
Candidate: return true if the given object is present in one of the .
Reference: converts a relative url e . g . : / myfile . html to an absolute url
Candidate: compiles the baseurl as cassandra base url .
Reference: start the task , to be used when a task is queued .
Candidate: start a message to the various frame .
Reference: load from the store .
Candidate: get the store from store store .
Reference: access breakpoint instruction at specified line number in set of instructions ( if valid )
Candidate: loads the bloom filter in the list .
Reference: close plog file . this operation is idempotent to allow convenient cleanup at thread exit .
Candidate: close the buffered file
Reference: advance to the next token .
Candidate: advance to the next token .
Reference: parses the first consonant .
Candidate: checks the the against the list .
Reference: creates a new buddypanelcontroller .
Candidate: add a sound for creating a list of tracker .
Reference: this method removes gaps from the graph . it tries to minimise the number of edges by concentrating multiple dummy nodes from the same parent and on the same vertical
Candidate: takes an description of the rule tree in the rule tree .
Reference: return the passed in value as an unsigned byte array .
Candidate: return the passed value as an unsigned byte array .
Reference: call javac on tocompile in input dir . if tocompile is null , all * . java files below dir will be compiled .
Candidate: write a file to file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file
Reference: convenience method to park and then check if interrupted
Candidate: convenience method to park and then check if interrupted
Reference: list the opencl implementations that contain at least one gpu device .
Candidate: splits a list into a list of strings .
Reference: this request will execute after the dependency completes .
Candidate: this true if the requests is in queued requests , in queued requests .
Reference: check whether this object is a date .
Candidate: returns true if the given object is a java .
Reference: converts config to xml ,
Candidate: converts a xml to a config ,
Reference: build the convex quadrilateral with the found corner points ( with min / max x / y coordinates ) .
Candidate: concatenates a sub vector with one and another xpath union .
Reference: heapify - up method for 2 - ary heap .
Candidate: heapify - up - ary heap .
Reference: branches are initially compressed , needing one node per key plus the size of the string key . they are decompressed as needed when another key with same prefix is
Candidate: branches are initially same key are same as the same key and inserts the same as key .
Reference: unlock to allow both puts and takes .
Candidate: unlocks to allow both puts and takes .
Reference: test if file is subtitle format
Candidate: checks if the file file is subtitle format .
Reference: write the constant to the output stream
Candidate: write the constant to the output stream .
Reference: initializes the properties to be used by openam . ideally this must be called first before any other method is called within openam . this method provides a programmatic way
Candidate: used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be
Reference: register a network listener .
Candidate: adds a new pan listener .
Reference: appends content prefix to buffer . < p > scipio : note : orig ofbiz signature .
Candidate: appends content prefix to buffer . note : orig ofbiz method . < p > note :
Reference: add an error listener .
Candidate: throw an exception event has been established .
Reference: do some basic checks to make sure the string representation is valid .
Candidate: add a given object to a given object .
Reference: imports the base types .
Candidate: creates a type with substitutions .
Reference: builds the matrix ( old ) from the given dom node .
Candidate: builds the real image from the given fragment
Reference: record filesystem related event and audit
Candidate: block event event event event .
Reference: creates a core token service exception .
Candidate: creates a core token service exception .
Reference: creates new dexaminessl dialog .
Candidate: creates a new dupgradecryptostrength dialog .
Reference: dynamic vm args common to both computejunitdynamicvmargsaslist and computecompiledynamicvmargsaslist .
Candidate: creates a new version of the given string .
Reference: normalizes a string of characters representing a phone number . this is a wrapper for normalize ( string number ) but does in - place normalization of the stringbuilder provided
Candidate: normalizes all phone characters by the phone number of characters by replacing all characters characters taken by replacing all characters characters taken by replacing all characters characters taken by replacing
Reference: skip to the i - th point in the sobol sequence . < p > this operation can be performed in o ( 1 ) .
Candidate: returns the length of the the given offset . length . the length of the length . the length length . the length length . the desired length is hit
Reference: deletes the organization ' s group configuration data .
Candidate: default method used to default storage default storage configuration if default storage is only default is only default is only default is only default is only default is only default
Reference: remove a group listener .
Candidate: removes a connector listener from the connector .
Reference: the change log mapping message is used to store changelog partition information for a given task name .
Candidate: pushes a new onto the center of and operates onto onto world onto onto onto onto onto onto onto onto onto onto onto onto onto onto onto onto onto the
Reference: given a filename , the unescape method returns the key which originated it .
Candidate: removes the name from the given word .
Reference: returns the distance between two pointer touch points
Candidate: returns the distance between two pointer touch points .
Reference: transforms all the strings key / value pairs in the original map to the given class key / value pairs and adds them to the given resulting map .
Candidate: performs a - check that a - empty string .
Reference: we should always grab both keyboard and pointer to control event flow on popups . this also simplifies synthetic grab implementation . the active grab overrides activated automatic grab .
Candidate: tests whether ' ' ' contain ' continuous arrays ' and whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether
Reference: create a component manager , initially populated with the given sequences , which are considered seed sequences .
Candidate: create an empty row , make the empty set , make sure it will be empty set , generating the empty oid .
Reference: removes all observers from the list of observers .
Candidate: clears the observer list so that this object has any observers .
Reference: unsynchronize an array of bytes , this should only be called if the decision has already been made to unsynchronize the byte array in order to prevent a media player
Candidate: decode a byte event , re - generated char buffer , it
Reference: determine what the general encryption key is , given a configuration . this corresponds to algorithm 3 . 2 of pdf reference version 1 . 7 .
Candidate: write the time to the digest .
Reference: builds a new messagecapture .
Candidate: creates a new instance of a given thread .
Reference: returns an gunzipped copy of the input array .
Candidate: read the contents of the the currently open settings .
Reference: insert the given item into the combo box , and set it as first selected item . if the item already exists , it is removed , so there are
Candidate: add the selected so that the can be resized on the top of the bottom , so that deal with the selected option .
Reference: in the standard coroutine architecture , coroutines are identified by their method names and are launched and run up to their first yield by simply resuming them ; its '
Candidate: method to run the first coroutine architecture , coroutines are identified by their calling method simply run yield and their resuming them in its order their call to their their
Reference: checks if there is a syntax error or an exception
Candidate: check if error error is clicked ,
Reference: encodes the number as a json string .
Candidate: encodes the number as a json string .
Reference: creates a map from a name / value pair string
Candidate: creates a map pair from a map map
Reference: a stress test for truth maintenance using an arbitrary data set . the test scans the statement indices in some order , selecting n explicit statement to retract . it
Candidate: stress with with with the details stress poly with with the reasonable stress stress stress stress stress stress stress stress stress stress stress stress stress stress stress stress stress stress
Reference: the item keys contained in the map .
Candidate: returns the set of the python contained in this map .
Reference: called when the playback service starts
Candidate: note to see if the the button is not onstart ( ) which does not based on the button .
Reference: construct a new instance .
Candidate: create a new instance .
Reference: pass it the location of the launcher file .
Candidate: creates a new file instance .
Reference: returns a string that may be used to indent a dump of the nodes in the tree .
Candidate: indent a line of two spaces .
Reference: sets the supplied calendar object with 0 values for fields lower than days
Candidate: returns a calendar instance .
Reference: surrounds the string with provided prefix and suffix if such missing from string .
Candidate: cuts sufix to uri .
Reference: finds a point in a list of points which is not contained in another list of points
Candidate: computes a copy of the the array of the array .
Reference: trims or pads this string , so it has this exact length .
Candidate: attempts to see if the given string is the given string . if the given string is no longer than 0 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 ,
Reference: schedule this culler to be run , based on the state of the session .
Candidate: if the task that it is completed , including that do that do that do that do that do that do that do that do that do that do that
Reference: we call this to guarantee that we fetch a fresh policy from the server . this is to be used if the url is invalid .
Candidate: we call this to guarantee that we fetch a fresh policy from the server . if the url is invalid .
Reference: decrypt an encapsulated session key .
Candidate: generate a encapsulate a key and key session key .
Reference: log system informations to the log file this have no effect on the software it ' s here for logging purpose
Candidate: adds the connection to the connection .
Reference: inserts any necessary separators and whitespace before a literal value , inline array , or inline object . also adjusts the stack to expect either a closing bracket or another
Candidate: inserts any necessary separators and whitespace before whitespace before a literal value . also adjusts the stack expect either to expect either a closing bracket or
Reference: created sha256 of input
Candidate: decodes the given string from the given string .
Reference: the format of this native guid is transporttype + devicetype + fabricwwn . transporttype is fc , devicetype is mds or brocade and fabricwwn is the unique wwn assigned to
Candidate: resize the given with the given given texture format , world
Reference: tests whether a single servlet can be added using the method that takes a string for the servlet name and a string for the jsp file .
Candidate: tests whether a retrieving the descriptor with a a single servlet .
Reference: indicates whether some other object is " equal to " the value . the other value is equal if object . equals ( value , other ) returns true .
Candidate: tests if the underlying row is enabled .
Reference: error level debug message
Candidate: throw an exception message to the message message .
Reference: removed an event listener from this transaction .
Candidate: removes the events from the set .
Reference: creates a new execution system for the specified uri . the number of execution systems with a given uri that may open at the same time is implementation dependent .
Candidate: create a uri for the specified uris .
Reference: return true if the given type refers to a command , false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if the specified type is a good flag .
Reference: enqueues the provided report to be sent by the reporting thread
Candidate: send a message to packets to be sent to
Reference: equivalent to string . startswith ( prefixes [ 0 ] + prefixes [ 1 ] + . . . ) but avoids creating an object for concatenation .
Candidate: returns true if the specified string starts with the specified prefix .
Reference: determines the number of consecutive characters that are encodable using numeric compaction .
Candidate: determines the number of consecutive characters that are encodable using numeric compaction .
Reference: check types ordered by data type .
Candidate: this method is used to tests to the .
Reference: determines the height of this view
Candidate: determines the height of this view
Reference: handle a mouseclicked mouselistener event . if the prioritylistener is set , it automatically gets the clicked event . if it is not set , the other listeners get a
Candidate: handle a mousepressed mouselistener event .
Reference: formats an array of values as a sql values like ( ' value1 ' , ' value2 ' , . . . , ' value_n ' ) . escapes single
Candidate: concatenates comma - delimited comma separated string .
Reference: appends a class or interface
Candidate: implements the xml element to the xml document .
Reference: draws the top edge of the border around the content area . draw unbroken line for tabs are not on top override where appropriate .
Candidate: paint the paint of the same paint paint . if the draw does not draw the same area at the right edge
Reference: analyzes all iterations in terms of route choice and travel time
Candidate: reads all data for each file
Reference: execute a sql insert , update or delete statement . in addition sql statements that return nothing such as sql ddl statements can be executed .
Candidate: insert delete sql ddl insert . delete insert wrong .
Reference: returns milliseconds running in the current thread .
Candidate: returns microseconds running in the current thread .
Reference: builds an entry from the provided lines of ldif .
Candidate: creates a new ldif lines to the lines of ldif lines .
Reference: removes all parser highlights .
Candidate: removes all highlights parser highlights .
Reference: read short , 16 - bits . like datainputstream . readshort except little endian .
Candidate: read a 32 bits . datainputstream datainputstream datainputstream . readshort except little endian .
Reference: format an int into an existing array .
Candidate: format an existing array into a existing format .
Reference: method to appennd a charr array to the buffer
Candidate: returns the pre - 1 characters . the character .
Reference: checks to see if this user has read permission on the specified order
Candidate: checks to see if this user has permission to read the specified order .
Reference: sees if the class under test is actually an annotation .
Candidate: helper method to string string string string string string string representation of an string string .
Reference: compare the in scope exception handlers of two blocks .
Candidate: determines whether the two objects are equal to the same instructions .
Reference: this is basically the hash code for the field name . because field names are unique within a class collisions using just the name for the hash code should be
Candidate: returns the hashcode for this principal .
Reference: this value is good for naming the cache file .
Candidate: takes timestamps checksum .
Reference: returns true if long labels are uses in the indicator display .
Candidate: indicates whether the flag is ok .
Reference: constructs a single secretblock ( tile which generates one - ups in original game , but " yolo " image in this game ) .
Candidate: creates a new graph that will be the given of the given graph .
Reference: opens a data connection with the server according to the set mode ( active or passive ) then send the command passed as an argument .
Candidate: connects to convert socket received to received to received to received to to to the server socket , which connects to it connects to the server address and connects to
Reference: install package normal by system intent
Candidate: install system intent to enable system .
Reference: recursive helper method for createinsertlist
Candidate: createinsertlist removes redundant items from itemdraglist
Reference: read the outline data
Candidate: sets the mode representing its initial state representing its bits - 1 representing the appropriate state mode .
Reference: more of less the opposite of the encoding function but just for getting out run lengths .
Candidate: get the number of integer .
Reference: reads the contents of an inputstream into a byte [ ] .
Candidate: reads the contents of an inputstream into a byte [ ] .
Reference: returns whether the handshake phase has is completed . in case of a broken handshake this will be never the case .
Candidate: returns whether the handshake phase has completed in case of the broken handshake in the case of the broken handshake . broken handshake in the case of the broken handshake
Reference: constructs a not - equal - value global parameter constraint . that is , the elements of a list of number parameters are not allowed to have equal values .
Candidate: creates a new parameter with the specified parameters .
Reference: inflate a single overlay from overlay configuration string according to the syntax spec .
Candidate: inflate an individual layer according to the syntax ' s position .
Reference: the other party has breached the contract and submitted an old channel transaction .
Candidate: wraps an party ( breached the contract of the submitted channel that old addresses submitted .
Reference: construct fancyloader , grabbing a reference to the dexfile class if we ' re running under dalvik .
Candidate: construct fancyloader grabbing a class under the dexfile class if we ' re running under dalvik .
Reference: how to keep track of all the modified times across the paths . note that a file might have appeared in a directory which is earlier in the path ;
Candidate: parses the error file
Reference: flipping moves the contents of the back buffer to the front buffer , either by copying or by moving the video pointer .
Candidate: will be the the details to the the spark infrastructure . the ipt will be for restore the new delayed saving .
Reference: load value from property string value
Candidate: load property value from string value value
Reference: returns a list of all namespaces below an element ( recursive )
Candidate: finds all soap of map of the node of the map of the map of soap map of such soapelement .
Reference: there is some bug and it ' s not perfect . so we should improve this path for our projection
Candidate: calculate the path of the given path .
Reference: compress the bitmap to the byte array as the specified format and quality .
Candidate: compress the bitmap to the specified byte array .
Reference: method to handle continue button in diagnostic frame
Candidate: responds to an user button .
Reference: wait for data in the buffer to be sent
Candidate: push the clock to the clock .
Reference: resets the drawer and its caches .
Candidate: clear the internal state of substitutiongroup .
Reference: copy an entire directory from one location to another . this is used in file dumping .
Candidate: copies all local files in the local filesystem .
Reference: creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
Candidate: creates a new with a new and a writer . .
Reference: save log data to file
Candidate: deletes the line of the file .
Reference: loads the rewrites from tab - separated values .
Candidate: extract parameters from the command line .
Reference: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Candidate: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Reference: called by reader thread on reader end of file .
Candidate: service the http request service .
Reference: create plan for reducers .
Candidate: create node information .
Reference: invoked when an http request is received .
Candidate: handles the models line . scanning to represent the models .
Reference: create a negative number from an array of bytes . the number fits in an integer .
Candidate: create a negative number from an array of bytes . the number of bytes is 4 .
Reference: formats the given double values .
Candidate: formats the given value .
Reference: removes all elements at the specified positions in the list
Candidate: inserts the item of the list of the adapter .
Reference: rests the boundaries of the shape which is drawn as the rubberband . the boundaries of the shape need to be set so that when drawn they lie just inside
Candidate: draws shadow shadow shadow shape .
Reference: attempt to parse string as a colour
Candidate: converts the specified string to the specified colour string . < p >
Reference: return a list of all moves in movelist that are not known to be non - optimal . returns null if no legal move could be excluded .
Candidate: return the state from the given state .
Reference: effective numerical matrix rank
Candidate: returns the effective numerical of rank of the specified number of nonnegligible singular values .
Reference: this method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled , either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll . if you
Candidate: this method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled , either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll . if you
Reference: picks a random modifiable variable and executes a random modification on this variable .
Candidate: java . util . field .
Reference: saves the content to a file .
Candidate: save the contents of the file to the target file .
Reference: deletes temporary files listed in the file . the method is called on shutdown ( ) .
Candidate: loads the contents of the file .
Reference: warning : assumes strictly bifurcating tree .
Candidate: log likelihood of the node in the tree .
Reference: flush the statement buffers to the indices without committing .
Candidate: commit the direct connection has been opened yet .
Reference: convert data stream to srgb image
Candidate: takes an array of the a single image , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the image . the confounder , the the
Reference: despawn visibleobject , object will become invisible and object position will become invalid . all others objects will be noticed that this object is no longer visible .
Candidate: tests if the native object has occurred . the mxminimumcycleremover .
Reference: get the mqtt topic for an device event .
Candidate: returns the mqtt topic for the topic .
Reference: returns the result of the last matching operation . < p > the next * and find * methods return the match result in the case of a successful match
Candidate: return the next of the last matching the last operation < p > the next return the result in the case of the methods match the result in the case
Reference: copy constraints from the exported project
Candidate: updates the project from the exported transformation from
Reference: computes the value of sslv3 pseudo random function .
Candidate: computes the function of sslv3 pseudo random function .
Reference: decodes a url safe string into its original form using the default string charset . escaped characters are converted back to their original representation .
Candidate: decodes a url safe into its original form using the default string charset . escaped characters are converted back to their original representation .
Reference: create an operation to copy from the original clipboard to the given extent .
Candidate: give a normal for a specific arrays .
Reference: return the class in the local vm that this version is mapped to . null is returned if there is no corresponding local class .
Candidate: this is that is the resource of resource that is is resource that is loaded . this resource is loaded . this resource is loaded . this resource is loaded
Reference: set the path style ( if any ) stroke - dasharray = " n1 , n2 , . . . " stroke - dashoffset = n
Candidate: apply the values of text .
Reference: convert a color to an angle .
Candidate: convert a color to an angle .
Reference: parses an encoded compound size and sets the size fields . the compound size has format : max ( & lt ; atomic size & gt ; ; & lt
Candidate: draws a range of a
Reference: adds the pre - encoded query parameter to this url ' s query string .
Candidate: creates the query string via the encoded values via the encoded string via the encoded string ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s
Reference: create image with name , id of button_name and set p_command onclick
Candidate: create an image with with with with the given name with id
Reference: creates a new namespace object .
Candidate: constructs a new instance of the specified ordering .
Reference: atomically decrements by one the current value .
Candidate: atomically decrements by the current value .
Reference: update position of bubble .
Candidate: maps / / / / maps / / / / / / / / / maps / / / / / / / / / / / / / /
Reference: remove all elements on this list
Candidate: scan the list of the given list .
Reference: locks to prevent both puts and takes .
Candidate: locks to prevent both puts and takes .
Reference: clears the cache . deletes all cached files from disk .
Candidate: removes all the contents of the .
Reference: set the podcast ' s publication date to the episode ' s if it is more recent
Candidate: called by the current device time .
Reference: use our ui delegate for the specified ui control type .
Candidate: remove the specified ui for the specified mouse .
Reference: makes the object immutable
Candidate: makes this object immutable . this object ' s object immutable .
Reference: get ( or create ) a precomputed knn query for the database .
Candidate: creates a new task that creates a new task that creates a new task that creates a new task that creates a synthetic approximation that calling calling calling calling calling
Reference: internal method to handle the selections if items are added / removed
Candidate: this method clears the list of the list of items .
Reference: appends the given id to the given buffer , followed by " \ \ e " . [ steal it from opentsdb , thanks opentsdb : ) https : /
Candidate: appends the given by the given applying the given by the given character . e . g . < p / > the : the " $ " / "
Reference: creates a new available migration with this version .
Candidate: creates a new available migration with this version .
Reference: receive notification of a comment .
Candidate: receive notification of a comment .
Reference: draw an image , applying a transform from image space into user space before drawing . the transformation from user space into device space is done with the current transform
Candidate: draws an image with an image control with the right image .
Reference: sets the agent title and populates the agent and agent group action table .
Candidate: sets the default format format format format format format format format format format format format format .
Reference: selects all item types .
Candidate: add the initial state to the .
Reference: add raw name value pair .
Candidate: the - - - tag - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Reference: returns the set length
Candidate: returns the number of rows .
Reference: like datainputstream . readint except little endian and for unsigned integers .
Candidate: like datainputstream . readint except little endian .
Reference: common address book function .
Candidate: constructs a term for a specific version and puts a replacement .
Reference: adds a pause listener to this animator .
Candidate: set a listener to the set .
Reference: makes the object immutable .
Candidate: makes the object immutable .
Reference: signify that this batch of input to the filter is finished .
Candidate: read the standard object of the standard input object .
Reference: adds a component to the composite .
Candidate: adds a multiblock component to this multiblock . this component ' s y coords are pivoted to the center of this structure .
Reference: launch url in a new window .
Candidate: opens the given in the alternative format .
Reference: marks a line as needing a repaint .
Candidate: marks a line that needing a repaint repaint .
Reference: constructs a bytebandedraster with the given samplemodel . the raster ' s upper left corner is origin and it is the same size as the samplemodel . a databuffer large
Candidate: constructs a shortbandedraster with the given samplemodel . the raster ' s upper left corner is origin and it is the same size as the samplemodel . the databuffer large
Reference: initialize all fields of this uri from another uri .
Candidate: initialize all fields of this uri from another uri .
Reference: sets up this animatorset to play all of the supplied animations at the same time .
Candidate: sets up this animatorset to play all of the supplied animations at the same time .
Reference: removes and returns last element , or null if empty .
Candidate: removes and returns last element , or null if empty .
Reference: verifies a refresh notification for the specified client mbean . if notification is not registered , then returns a false
Candidate: hides true if the given message does not return true if the client
Reference: reads process output line - by - line .
Candidate: process a specified lines .
Reference: fills header and footer .
Candidate: starts the javascript http for the request .
Reference: adds an operand at the end of the current operands list .
Candidate: add an attribute for the variable . this is does not exist .
Reference: decodes characters of a string that are percent - encoded octets using utf - 8 decoding ( if needed ) . < p > it is assumed that the string
Candidate: decode the string name ' s characters in the html - 8 characters .
Reference: called to calculate the total receipt amount i , e the amount which has been paid for the bill from the billreceiptinfo the amount will be calculated . if the
Candidate: setup the list of installed .
Reference: discards the specified number of bytes .
Candidate: read the bunch of the specified number of the current number of items .
Reference: unit test for concurrent modification resulting from insert ( ) and remove ( ) .
Candidate: unit test by the concurrent write modification ( copy of the leaf in the insert - insert - insert - insert - insert - insert - insert - insert -
Reference: removes all im ' s from this user
Candidate: adds a new to the user
Reference: escapes a string for use in ascii property lists .
Candidate: escapes a string for use in ascii lists .
Reference: set the content by copying characters from the given reader and converting them into bytes using the specified encoding .
Candidate: stores the content of the specified output stream .
Reference: this method will clear the dictionary access count so that any unused column can be removed from the cache
Candidate: adds all dictionary to the dictionary of dictionary dictionary . note : this goes them in this map is interesting here .
Reference: a helper method to format the arguments types as a comma - separated list .
Candidate: helper method to retrieve the largest line in the provided argument .
Reference: renames a file in the underlying file system .
Candidate: checks if the is is can be run .
Reference: executes the given command , returning a future to indicate its status and allow ( interruptible ) cancellation .
Candidate: gets all the active in the the , the active connection .
Reference: a set of kindname ( s ) representing a set of symbol ' s kinds .
Candidate: set a set of kindname ( s ) representing a set of symbol ' s kinds .
Reference: retruns the length of the text . alternativ you can use gettext ( ) . length ( )
Candidate: returns the length of the attribute .
Reference: serialize a parameter map into a digest response . this is used as the " authorization " header in the request . all parameters in the supplied map will be
Candidate: returns a list of map
Reference: collect together the languages supported by the given services and call back once done .
Candidate: collect the activity together and services call together together together together together together together together together together together together together together together together together together together together together together together
Reference: helper method to use for determining desired output encoding . for now , will always just use utf - 8 . . .
Candidate: creates the request request before request .
Reference: converts the given image into a format for quick upload to the gpu .
Candidate: return an image from the the given image .
Reference: start the stop watch .
Candidate: starts the timer for the start time .
Reference: go to the next view
Candidate: go the next animator using the animator using the animator
Reference: dmitri ilyin : makes sure if the string is hh encoded sign .
Candidate: dmitri ilyin : makes sure if the string is hh encoded sign .
Reference: implements the abstract method simulatemethod . it distributes the request to the corresponding methods by signatures .
Candidate: implements the abstract method simulatemethod . it distributes the request to the corresponding methods by signatures .
Reference: cache a resolved ( possibly overloaded ) method based on the argument types used to invoke it , subject to classloader change . static and object methods are cached separately
Candidate: initializes an instance of the declared class . this method will be used derived from the class class , static methods with the same of the declared resides inside a
Reference: setbit ( int n ) the leftmost bit in a positive number
Candidate: setbit ( int n ) inside leftmost bit in a negative number
Reference: destroy the view scoped beans for the given view and context map .
Candidate: add a view given view given the given view .
Reference: close given outputstream , ignoring any resulting exception .
Candidate: closes the given inputstream . closes " releases " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
Reference: retrieve an item from the map by 0 - based index .
Candidate: finds the node of nodes in the given node .
Reference: allows to answer how much width requires given char to be represented on a screen .
Candidate: calculates the overall representation of parts between 2 parts of the vectors . e . g . 2 . height of the scroll difference of scroll . scroll of scroll
Reference: create directory if not already exists . throw an exception upon failure
Candidate: create a directory if it does not exist already exist .
Reference: create an encoder using the given timestamp as its base . base timestamp may be used to encode value timestamps as deltas .
Candidate: creates a new message simplex .
Reference: encodes a sequence of latlngs into an encoded path string .
Candidate: computes the given of the all the given of the the where the given of the are the modified to the form where the given of the given url .
Reference: extracts weight values and organizes them by synapse type ( inhibitory or excitatory ) . inhibitory values are represented by their absolute value .
Candidate: updates the of of of the synapse values of the specified of the synapses .
Reference: flush any buffered messages and close the current output stream .
Candidate: closes the underlying connection and releases any resources resources .
Reference: check if the filter contains data with precomputed hashes .
Candidate: returns true iff the set of contains been set .
Reference: ensure that there are additionaldata bytes available in the buffer . if not realocate the buffer .
Candidate: writes the number of bytes in the buffer .
Reference: tests whether a phone number matches a valid pattern . note this doesn ' t verify the number is actually in use , which is impossible to tell by just
Candidate: returns true if the given number is a unix value .
Reference: trim the url , by removing an extra ' / ' at the end of the url and also make it lowercase < p >
Candidate: convert a uri to the string .
Reference: returns the next element in the iteration .
Candidate: calculate the and removes from possible and returns all possible traces from the possible and returns them as possible .
Reference: adds alpha to a hex color
Candidate: converts the full string to the full form stamp . < br / > this ' s > we want to generate a stringified pixels .
Reference: stop the web server .
Candidate: stop the ticker to stop the timer .
Reference: parses , validates and computes normalized version of duration object
Candidate: parses normalized object and normalized object
Reference: save a shallow copy of the given local variable state into this .
Candidate: unconditionally determines whether the operand is a valid attribute .
Reference: load objects defined in the database
Candidate: parse a text from
Reference: attempts to read a response to this operation by reading it from the given connection , and returning it .
Candidate: this method is called when the the message is the specified identified by the server .
Reference: add method which also set whether there is a next value
Candidate: append to append to the current request to be completed to the same length .
Reference: construct new empty translatablecomponent .
Candidate: creates a new paletteswatcheschooser
Reference: inserts the specified part at the specified position .
Candidate: inserts the specified part at the specified position .
Reference: inserts the value into this builder .
Candidate: inserts the value into this builder .
Reference: check if this painter has the given nature an weapon .
Candidate: this method to validate an email endpoint to reach a terms . callers to a terms of issued
Reference: callers should have already verified that debug output is enabled .
Candidate: convert all text to all canonical align canonical representation inclusive canonical canonical
Reference: returns node holding key or null if no such , clearing out any deleted nodes seen along the way . repeatedly traverses at base - level looking for key starting
Candidate: returns the base - level node , clearing any element nodes if any key is already present .
Reference: decodes a list of request into the corresponding sort .
Candidate: implements the values service using the specified element . . < p > either for every attribute , either values for every attribute .
Reference: open the device ( done automatically )
Candidate: resets the state that we need to handle the sync state . this method does not have been opened before we need to handle the screen .
Reference: returns conversion for converting value of source to target , or returns null if there ' s no such conversion .
Candidate: sets the the average from the given parent and removing the from the the assignable from the classes to the previous assignable and removing them to the average .
Reference: moves api to the latest value before time .
Candidate: deletes the most immediate deletes the deletes deletes deletes deletes the deletes deletes deletes deletes deletes deletes the deletes deletes deletes deletes deletes deletes the deletes deletes deletes deletes deletes
Reference: this method calls proc updateuserroles and updates the values . it also validates the values passed .
Candidate: this method calls proc updateservers and updates the values passed . it also validates the values passed .
Reference: forges and sends the options request
Candidate: forges and sends the request request
Reference: setup and run a test .
Candidate: test run and run .
Reference: print all of the thread ' s information and stack traces .
Candidate: update all entries in the in the .
Reference: adds the given resource to the list of resources to be deleted .
Candidate: adds the resources to the list of resources .
Reference: compute the maximum of two values
Candidate: compute the minimum of two values .
Reference: adds another imagecontainer to the list of those interested in the results of the request .
Candidate: adds another imagecontainer to the list of those interested in the results of the request .
Reference: calls the super method and writes the polynomial approximation of the knn distances of this entry to the specified stream .
Candidate: calls the super method and writes the stream object to the specified stream .
Reference: add a method to the chain of methods after the dot .
Candidate: add a parenthesis to a list of parenthesis . this method will be added to the won ' t be paramaters
Reference: get the current request , which is specific to the current thread .
Candidate: reset the request request to the current writer .
Reference: returns a salted pbkdf2 hash of the password .
Candidate: returns a salted pbkdf2 hash of the password .
Reference: schedules a commercial of the given length to be run after the delay currently set in the delay input field .
Candidate: this method handles the previous dominator from a delay delay .
Reference: returns the hashcode for this transform .
Candidate: generates the hash code of the values of the .
Reference: the actual unsubscribe method exposed by this class .
Candidate: this the class by this class .
Reference: is operating system digital unix ?
Candidate: is operating system solaris ?
Reference: called when the client has disconnected
Candidate: notify close your invoke the database
Reference: determines whether a compound name is a suffix of this compound name . a compound name ' n ' is a suffix if it it is equal to getsuffix (
Candidate: returns whether the given name contains the given type .
Reference: calculates total height to occupy based on several parameters
Candidate: calculates the width to the width .
Reference: this method is a copy of regexutil . isregex . we cannot directly use regexutil , because it uses type annotations which cannot be used in ides ( yet )
Candidate: returns true if the argument is syntactically least regular expression at least least least least least least least least least least least least least least least least least least least
Reference: used to check whether there is a specialized handler for a given intent .
Candidate: used to check whether there is a specialized handler for a given intent .
Reference: flush standard output , padding 0s if number of bits written so far is not a multiple of 8 .
Candidate: flushes the binary bytes , padding 0s if so far output so it is 8 .
Reference: prepends the content of the mimepart as text to the existing footer
Candidate: get the content of a string header .
Reference: conjoin a list of sentences . for convenience , these are allowed to be null ( null sentences are ignored from the conjunction . ) there must be at least
Candidate: creates a standard ' locations ' like standard single variable - keyword like constraints .
Reference: tests that internal state of the object can not be modified by modifying initial array value
Candidate: tests that internal state of the object can be modified by modifying initial array value
Reference: initialize the store . this is needed before a transaction can be opened . if the transaction store is corrupt , this method can throw an exception , in which
Candidate: creates the client client . note that this client is called if client is open .
Reference: creates a cumulative histogram where each bin height is the sum of the previous bin ' s height and the current bin ' s height .
Candidate: interpolates a histogram with the given key into a two strings .
Reference: updates the entries related to the given package in memory and persistent db .
Candidate: updates the entries in the given db .
Reference: parses , validates and computes normalized version of datetime object
Candidate: parses and validates the version datetime string
Reference: adds attributes to amsdk organization . the organziation attribute names are defined in the idrepo service .
Candidate: adds the data in the specified index .
Reference: test the case where the thread is preemptively unparked .
Candidate: test the case where the thread is preemptively unparked .
Reference: sets the log commit index .
Candidate: attempts to append to append to bytes to bytes to bytes to the bytes .
Reference: sets all the closing fragments into finished state .
Candidate: clear all the state of the nodes .
Reference: method called when utf - 8 encoded ( but not yet escaped ! ) content is not guaranteed to fit in the output buffer after escaping ; as such ,
Candidate: this method will write padding to write the write parameter to complete .
Reference: converts the given hex string into a plain string .
Candidate: converts the given hex string into a plain string .
Reference: find the scenarios that match the required tags in the feature .
Candidate: find the last watch to the given file .
Reference: traverse the tree calculating partial likelihoods .
Candidate: traverse and graph nodes graph .
Reference: converts an rate into a human readable and localized kb / s speed .
Candidate: converts a human / rate / a localized kb
Reference: returns the next element in the iteration .
Candidate: remove the largest in the next array .
Reference: returns true if field queuesize is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field averageload averageload averageload is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
Reference: requests capabilities for a group of remote contacts . this method initiates in background new capability requests to the remote contact by sending a sip options . the result of
Candidate: registers a given on a given contacts
Reference: creates a string representing a coefficient , removing " . 0 " endings .
Candidate: returns a string representation of this ' s expression . note : this method would be used for some coverage effects .
Reference: creates at test indexcreatedevent .
Candidate: creates an indexcreatedevent .
Reference: determines whether the specified string is a valid boolean value
Candidate: checks if the value of the attribute value .
Reference: given a document , find the url associated with that document .
Candidate: find a document associated with the given url , that that that that that document .
Reference: returns a random number between start ( inclusive ) and end ( inclusive ) .
Candidate: returns a random number between n start and start inclusive ) and start the end . exclusive start .
Reference: pops a type from the output frame stack .
Candidate: pops a type from the output frame stack .
Reference: offer an event to this watch instance . if it accepts the event we note the task id and return true .
Candidate: returns true if the event event is either a and returns indefinitely for a request .
Reference: pushes a new type onto the output frame stack .
Candidate: pushes a new type onto the output frame stack .
Reference: create algorithmparameterspec with the block size .
Candidate: generate random iv , with random mode .
Reference: reads the state from the stream .
Candidate: translates an empty - value to an empty - empty - empty .
Reference: checks whether a character is a valid token character . whitespace , control characters , and http separators are not valid token characters . the http specification ( rfc 2616
Candidate: checks whether the character token is a valid character .
Reference: draws the datapoints and the lines connecting the datapoints on the line graph
Candidate: draws the last background and the last on the console .
Reference: add or replace an element type for this schema .
Candidate: add an element schema for this schema .
Reference: don ' t use this when obfuscating class names !
Candidate: don ' t use this when obfuscating class names !
Reference: writes a string followed by a newline .
Candidate: writes a string followed by an newline .
Reference: return a new uri with a different fragment .
Candidate: normalize a reference reference represents a uri reference represents a reference reference .
Reference: change the default paint to fill an expanded bounding box based on its children ' s bounds .
Candidate: paint the image to the the crop window ( ) .
Reference: serialize to byte array .
Candidate: writes the contents of the stream .
Reference: adds another import source .
Candidate: import a directory to another import .
Reference: draws the head of a message arrow onto the diagram display .
Candidate: draws a list of the given rectangle .
Reference: handles the case where a class loader is activated .
Candidate: initialize the current action .
Reference: unmarshal parameters for the given method of the given instance over the given marshalinputstream . do perform all additional checks .
Candidate: this method is called by this method . this method is called by the method to be called by the method . this method is called when the the is
Reference: reloads the data from the service .
Candidate: brings the & from the view .
Reference: create a localized resource name based on a resource name and a locale .
Candidate: create a localized resource name based on the resource name .
Reference: converts an array of objects into string .
Candidate: converts an array of objects into string .
Reference: draws the bullet icon specified by the list - style - image argument .
Candidate: paints the bottom of the center of the specified component .
Reference: synchronizes the rdf repository ' s representation of an entity to be exactly the provided statements .
Candidate: begins the current action in the current position .
Reference: fully reset the state , not only the one related to latest test case execution
Candidate: removes all empty groups in the file .
Reference: convert the specified image to a bufferedimage , if necessary .
Candidate: reads the many range from the jdk doubles .
Reference: writes a byte array to a file creating the file if it does not exist .
Candidate: writes a byte to a file stream . does not exist .
Reference: returns true if this testsubscriber has been cancelled .
Candidate: test if the node is be run .
Reference: drops a member of this directededgestar .
Candidate: this method to move the given member to the source .
Reference: returns true if , at the current time , the named event could be generated .
Candidate: returns true if the current time , the could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could
Reference: receives message and batches as needed .
Candidate: encodes the message message as needed .
Reference: returns tweets generated before the given date . date should be formatted as yyyy - mm - dd . keep in mind that the search index may not go back
Candidate: sets the calendar to switch .
Reference: decides if given x - coordinate in screen space needs to be interpreted as " within " the normalized thumb x - coordinate .
Candidate: decides if given x - coordinate in screen space needs to be interpreted as within the normalized thumb .
Reference: deletes all files in a container
Candidate: copies the given files before the given config files .
Reference: returns true if other entities should be prevented from moving through this entity .
Candidate: returns true if this associationrulesproducer is ready to the vocabulary , we need materialized materialized materialized materialized materialized materialized materialized materialized materialized materialized materialized materialized materialized materialized materialized materialized materialized
Reference: adds a recorded duration .
Candidate: forces a recorded duration .
Reference: open the atomic file for reading . if there previously was an incomplete write , this will roll back to the last good data before opening for read . you
Candidate: write the atomic roll before reading the atomic read previously open file . if there are good roll for the last roll back to roll before roll the roll roll
Reference: submits task to the specific queue
Candidate: polls task to be executed queue queue queue .
Reference: creates default implementation of task distributor
Candidate: creates default implementation of task distributor
Reference: dumps the wave out to the given stream
Candidate: this a copy of the dump to the standard output .
Reference: add field and label to buffer and push buffered field to panel
Candidate: process the given process . < p > the process are updating .
Reference: creates a new freespaceexpansionroom and adds it to the room list . its shape is normally unbounded at construction time of the room . the final ( completed ) shape
Candidate: creates the select , sized by all subtrees of the are placed into the interiour of the .
Reference: compute the desired magnitude of a unit vector projected to a given planet model .
Candidate: compute a geopoint that the desired magnitude of the crop located on the desired width .
Reference: trims the string , removing all whitespace at the beginning and end of the string . non - breaking whitespaces are also removed .
Candidate: trims a string from the string .
Reference: validates smi - s provider attributes of the vnxfile as it is a mandatory fields for indications
Candidate: validates parameters validates
Reference: parses a node in the xml structure and returns the corresponding nsobject
Candidate: parses the xml of the node structure and returns the corresponding nsobject
Reference: convenience method that creates a pair of related debits and credits for accrual based accounting . the target accounts for debits and credits are switched in case of a reversal
Candidate: creates a pair of the pair of the given article
Reference: calculates the next trace trace of the connection under construction .
Candidate: create a many widgets that can be a by their api .
Reference: serialize object to a bytebuffer object .
Candidate: serialize a object to a bytebuffer object .
Reference: executed upon sending a packet away . put your arbitrary data into the bytebuffer , and retrieve it on the receiving side when readbytes is executed .
Candidate: executed upon sending a packet away . put your arbitrary data into the bytebuffer , and retrieve it on the receiving side when readbytes is executed .
Reference: create a new sensor if all checks are passed system name is normalized to ensure uniqueness .
Candidate: create a new sensor if all are checks to ensure that are passed to ensure uniqueness .
Reference: returns an array that holds the maximum values of the both specified arrays in each index .
Candidate: helper function to adjusts the double array probabilities .
Reference: fill the interior of the polygon shape represented by p_points .
Candidate: draws an interiour of the .
Reference: writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream , removing prior exif tags .
Candidate: writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream , removing prior exif tags .
Reference: see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 9 and annex b , b . 2
Candidate: see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 9 and annex b , b . 2
Reference: move the position to today ' s date
Candidate: returns away the the the the the the
Reference: accepts an ipv4 address in the form of an integer and returns the corresponding byte array .
Candidate: accepts an ipv4 address in the form of the address and returns the corresponding byte array .
Reference: validates this template to see if its valid for plugin v3 . 10 or higher .
Candidate: indicates whether sending discovery access discovery is discovery or a discovery compile .
Reference: it removes the first key from the queue .
Candidate: returns a list thl object .
Reference: normal cumulative distribution function ( the value which results by integrating the normal distribution function from negative infinity up to y ) .
Candidate: calculates calculated inverse function to assign variables , calculated , locals , calculated , calculated , calculated , calculated , calculated , calculated , calculated , calculated , calculated ,
Reference: destroy kills the connection and drops it from the connection pool . destroy should only occur if the connection state machine has failed or
Candidate: called by the current thread .
Reference: absorb an atomic character string . this method is a little tricky because it can un - include the last character of string if a closure operator follows . this
Candidate: logs a regular expression ; or documentation .
Reference: draws the bar for a single ( series , category ) data item .
Candidate: draws a data bar data .
Reference: returns a new instance . < p > the from udids will be fully or partially matched against the supplied udids , case - insensitive . if the supplied udids
Candidate: adds a given of the given input stream to the given of the supplied function .
Reference: check the current active network is available .
Candidate: connect the network
Reference: set up for the tab closing animation
Candidate: set up the tab tab
Reference: adds samlv2authcontext to the collection .
Candidate: constructs a new name to the specified channel .
Reference: its guaranted that closepacket will be sent before closing connection , but all past and future packets wont . connection will be closed [ by dispatcher thread ] , and
Candidate: packets guaranted that closepacket will be sent before future packets packets packets packets packets packets packets packets packets packets packets packets packets packets packets packets packets packets packets packets packets
Reference: if edges which have undergone dimensional collapse are found , replace them with a new edge which is a l edge
Candidate: check if the list has been made in the list .
Reference: reads a value of an annotation and makes the given visitor visit it .
Candidate: reads a value of an annotation and makes the given visitor visit it .
Reference: timingtarget implementation : calculate and set the current car position based on the animation fraction
Candidate: timingtarget implementation fraction .
Reference: creates a new seaglasstitlepane object .
Candidate: instantiates a new runnable .
Reference: returns a string representation of this queue .
Candidate: returns a string representation of the string .
Reference: writes a long ( 64 bit ) to the target stream .
Candidate: writes a double ( 64 bit ) to the stream stream .
Reference: look for the requested container xml file in the classpath ( resource ) under < some root dir > / config / < reqested_container_name > . xml . if the
Candidate: finds the attributes based on the current element , or trims defaults information that need to arrive that need .
Reference: given a list of source directories and a list of module names that possibly contain wildcards it returns a expanded list of module names of modules that were actually found
Candidate: returns a list of parent of possibly expanded list of list of wildcards and expanded list of modulespecs list of modulespecs list of modulespecs list of modulespecs list of modulespecs
Reference: safely gets charset for the specified name
Candidate: returns the given charset the given charset .
Reference: creates an integer number .
Candidate: creates a new instance of the layout .
Reference: dumps the given message and stack to the system error console .
Candidate: dump log message to the logging status .
Reference: execute a query based on the sql string given . for each record of the resultset return , execute a callback function
Candidate: execute a sql resultset of the given sql resultset . resultset for resultset resultset resultset resultset resultset resultset resultset resultset resultset resultset resultset resultset resultset resultset resultset resultset resultset resultset
Reference: the name of the variable to cache t . class values .
Candidate: generate a name with the given name .
Reference: < ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
Candidate: < ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
Reference: maps a library name into a platform - specific string representing a native library .
Candidate: removes only want only want only want only want only want only want only want only want only want only want only want only want only want only want only
Reference: returns the next match from the character stream . matches are returned in the order they are encountered in the character stream , then by the order they are expressed
Candidate: returns a new array whose next character in the given index .
Reference: it is important that the dimension setting is the same while a fragment is loaded by different fragment loaders . this is why the dimension setting is read by the
Candidate: find the minimum of the given dimensions .
Reference: add a private field to this
Candidate: a a a value as a a
Reference: function adds the new lsubrs dicts ( only for the fds used ) to the list
Candidate: recursively creates the entire local for all of the the of the a local variable . the fdarray for the entire same of the . the local variable .
Reference: tests if the queue matches the sequence ( as with match ) , and if they do , removes the matched string from the queue .
Candidate: check if the charseq matches the sequence .
Reference: initialize all necessary components for gles rendering , creating window surfaces for drawing the preview as well as the surface that will be used by mediarecorder for recording
Candidate: loads a new page structure using the mxminimumcycleremover hasn ' t look covers together yet structure otherwise structure
Reference: clears the scrap heap .
Candidate: clears the scrap heap .
Reference: allows subclasses to augment the request to the token endpoint with additional parameters .
Candidate: this method should be invoked after a message has a generated after the purposes .
Reference: reads characters into a portion of an array .
Candidate: reads a portion of an input document .
Reference: add a header line without any validation . only appropriate for headers from the remote peer or cache .
Candidate: start a new without with the remote headers and remote peer .
Reference: merge node children . merge the children of a node according to the merging rules of the parent . each subclass must implement this method
Candidate: compute the given tree of the given tree node , raising - action action .
Reference: negate ( ) for a negative bigdecimal
Candidate: plus ( ) for a positive bigdecimal
Reference: creates and binds the parameters to a new item .
Candidate: convert a parameter value into an identity .
Reference: creates the setup panel with the supplied initial experiment .
Candidate: creates the list panel with the given experiment .
Reference: adds a listener of memory copying events .
Candidate: adds a listener to the list of events .
Reference: parses the specified arguments and sets up the variables .
Candidate: calls the actual command of actual calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls
Reference: looks at the varray to see if zoning is disabled , and looks to make sure that there is at least one active networksystem registered .
Candidate: determines for the export volume .
Reference: creats an in - memory xml tree based on the parsed tokens in this document .
Candidate: we over the and generate the lastindexof .
Reference: returns a boolean telling if this namevaluelist has a record with this name
Candidate: determine if the given name is namevaluelist is a valid form .
Reference: tests whether this charseq starts with the specified prefix
Candidate: checks if this charseq charseq with this charseq .
Reference: checks , whether an instance of the given window class is already in the window list .
Candidate: tells whether the given applet is targeted jdk 1 .
Reference: support for reporting bound property changes for integer properties . this method can be called when a bound property has changed and it will send the appropriate propertychangeevent to any
Candidate: support for reporting property given properties . this method can be called when the bound property has changed and send it will send the appropriate propertychangeevent to any
Reference: starts fading to the specified layer .
Candidate: starts fading to the specified layer .
Reference: if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the
Candidate: if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the
Reference: computes the hash code of a repeated boolean field . null - value and 0 - length fields have the same hash code .
Candidate: computes the hash code of the repeated field - null - value have the same hash code have the same hash code .
Reference: creates a shallow copy of the specified source shape .
Candidate: creates a new instance of create a new surfacedata , initializing and initializing plotting it under the settings .
Reference: parses a string in soot representation , for example : < soot . jimple . infoflow . test . testnomain : java . lang . string function1 ( ) >
Candidate: parse a string string representing a string format .
Reference: sets up a new review on the current branch , as a task .
Candidate: starts a signature from a file .
Reference: is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?
Candidate: is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?
Reference: start up the waveform synthesizer . this must be called once before calling synthesize ( ) .
Candidate: this a class taken from this class . this method is taken from a class name .
Reference: note that the column may end of second half of wide character .
Candidate: continue to map associated to to e .
Reference: todo calculate all arrivals and departures zero - based , and then shift them at the end to maintain fixed - point stop . the fixed - point stop should
Candidate: build the hash code that need to the given of need to use in the memory boxes .
Reference: decodes an html color and turns it into a color object . supports some named colors and string formats that are supported by color . decode ( ) . if
Candidate: convert a color to a colorrgba .
Reference: a method for determining the list of modules required to transform the given source data type into the requested target data type . if the voice given is not null
Candidate: this method writes blank & blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank
Reference: get the distance between this vector and another . the value of this method is not cached and uses a costly square - root function , so do not repeatedly
Candidate: gets the distance between the vector of the vector between the vector of the vector between the vector of the vector between the vector of the vector between the vector
Reference: ask each gc bean for its elapsed collection time
Candidate: returns the precise timer pool that available precise timer timer is available dynamically available timer .
Reference: flush and close the underlying java . io . writer . this method applies to tostream serializers , not tosaxhandler serializers .
Candidate: flush the contrast to close any tostream serializers , this tosaxhandler serializers .
Reference: add all distinct entry to list1 from list2
Candidate: add all distinct entry to list1 from list2
Reference: start encoding a new object in the buffer . users will not usually need to call this directly . the ` flatbuffers ` compiler will generate helper methods that call
Candidate: ( de random - triangular table
Reference: sends messages to kafka .
Candidate: this method to add to to
Reference: returns a string of the given length consisting entirely of the given character
Candidate: converts the given string into a string .
Reference: add a view for the given connection to the pipeline view . this method figures out the positioning and other details of adding the connection .
Candidate: attaches the mode to the output . .
Reference: remove trailing or leading whitespace from the annotation .
Candidate: remove the trailing whitespace from the annotation annotation .
Reference: adds the given listener to its internal list .
Candidate: add a tabfragment to the viewpageradapter .
Reference: called to notify that a consumption has finished .
Candidate: called to notify that a consumption has finished .
Reference: test of the simple forms of the bulk get / put methods .
Candidate: pre - - - - byte [ ] - 1 ] data
Reference: concatenates a list of double arrays into a single array .
Candidate: concatenates a list of arrays into a single array .
Reference: ensures that the external array tmp has at least the specified number of elements , increasing its size if necessary . the size increases exponentially to ensure amortized linear time
Candidate: ensures that the array array at least ensure the size of exponentially to ensure amortized linear time necessary increases the size of integers .
Reference: adds new values to the series .
Candidate: adds new values to the series .
Reference: adds a continuation . to allow one thread to be used for testing .
Candidate: adds a new random specified the specified value to the specified .
Reference: calculates the angle from centerpt to targetpt in degrees . the return should range from [ 0 , 360 ) , rotating clockwise , 0 and 360 degrees represents east
Candidate: obtains the angle of rectangular coordinates .
Reference: returns the number of matching characters found in a character sequence .
Candidate: count the sequence of sequence sequence . this sequence may be closed after c , starting at the next sequence .
Reference: creates a delta crl indicator extension with the integer value . the criticality is set to true .
Candidate: create a crlnumberextension with the specified value .
Reference: verbose log message with printf formatting .
Candidate: verbose log message with printf formatting .
Reference: calculate the log probability given the message ' s logarithm is normally distributed . note , here we take the natural logarithm of the normal distribution ( lognormal distribution )
Candidate: calculate the log gaussian probability distribution .
Reference: sets the absolute tolerance for this controller .
Candidate: returns a target of the target .
Reference: upcall from native code via implemented class ( do )
Candidate: upcall from native block .
Reference: todo need think about if multi - put is necessary , by checking if autoflush works
Candidate: todo if think up about pre - if it is needed , depending autoflush works if autoflush works
Reference: index = = - 1 when new .
Candidate: when = = 1 when = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
Reference: extracts the secretaccesskey from the given uri
Candidate: extracts the given name from the given name
Reference: dial the specified contact
Candidate: add an error packet to the appropriate exception . if queues is already there , otherwise will also will be 3 to the active db , which will unassigned ,
Reference: denote that all methods of a class are safe .
Candidate: add a generated class to the list of src classes .
Reference: check if there is room in the active list .
Candidate: returns true if there is no enough under a bug under the rules .
Reference: parses the given string for a textual representation for time and returns the time value in seconds past midnight . the following formats are recognized : hh : mm :
Candidate: returns the textual representation of the given time for the given time . returns the past midnight returns the seconds for the given time : seconds .
Reference: return whether the stop watch is currently running .
Candidate: returns true if the is running is running .
Reference: parse a resource file into an rslp stemmer description .
Candidate: loads the specified of mappings from the specified map .
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: converts the bet into a string .
Candidate: appends a string to a standard builder to the buffer .
Reference: verifies exception if there are no commits on the journal ( the lastcommittime will be zero which does not identify a valid commit point ) .
Candidate: test verifies that the target has been written on the journal .
Reference: checks to see if the user matches ip information without checking for the correct ether - type ( 2048 ) .
Candidate: check if we ' s really already really exist .
Reference: quick pow , with a max relative error of about 3 . 5e - 2 for | a ^ b | & lt ; 1e10 , of about 0 .
Candidate: 1e - 13ish - max range between max - max , max ) and max .
Reference: utility method to get the jar entry path from a class name . e . g . it returns someting like " com / foo / outerclass $ innerclass1 $
Candidate: generate class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class
Reference: write an instance of posmikheevcounter class to json format
Candidate: get the string for the specified byte array .
Reference: all annotations defined in the package . keys are simple names .
Candidate: create a map of hadoop map to a map map .
Reference: returns whatever is in the clipboard
Candidate: parse a set of product of a set of
Reference: sets the cursor to correspond the component currently under mouse . this method should not be executed on the toolkit thread as it calls to user code ( e .
Candidate: clears the set of the mech .
Reference: returns true if the mouse event specifies the middle mouse button .
Candidate: returns whether mouse event specifies the mouse event .
Reference: adds a success message into the list .
Candidate: adds a tabfragment to the viewpageradapter .
Reference: method to handle start stopped check box change
Candidate: handle the 12 change box
Reference: closes the underlying file
Candidate: close the input stream .
Reference: assign next log segment sequence number based on a decreasing list of log segments .
Candidate: assign next log segment based on a decreasing log list decreasing log segments .
Reference: read stream as binary stl . this is significantly faster than ascii parsing . additionally binary files are much more compressed allowing smaller file sizes for larger models compared to
Candidate: read stream from stream stream , we need to read out stream , rather than utf - 8 .
Reference: asserts that a specific language is set .
Candidate: asserts that a struct name is set .
Reference: called when the block for of this explosive is destroy by an explosion
Candidate: get random number of the .
Reference: returns whether there are threads waiting for read access to the guacamole instruction stream .
Candidate: returns true if the given diskname is invalid linearized mode .
Reference: returns the number of milliseconds this session has been inactive .
Candidate: returns 32 direction using 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32
Reference: equivalent to assert cond : value ;
Candidate: equivalent to assert cond : value ;
Reference: this method adds a cos definition to the persistent store . the definition is added under the specified " guid " parameter .
Candidate: makes a default value to a valid attribute .
Reference: create a sourcedataquality object from its xml representation . the format of the xml required is determined by the output of the toxml ( ) method .
Candidate: create a sourcedataquality object from the xml representation of the output . the toxml ( ) .
Reference: returns the qualified name for the given class , according to the mapping rules in the jaxb specification .
Candidate: exports built exports exports exports exports exports exports exports exports exports exports exports exports exports exports exports exports exports exports exports exports exports exports exports exports exports exports exports exports
Reference: get the resulting y - position of the bottom edge of the crop window given the handle ' s position and the image ' s bounding box and snap radius
Candidate: get the resulting edge of the bottom edge of the crop window ' s the box and the box ' s ' s ' s ' s box ' s
Reference: generate a new signed jwt
Candidate: return the input value .
Reference: export a number of symbols with the given names so that other movies can import and use them . flash version 5 only .
Candidate: initialize the symbol symbol by symbol symbol symbol symbol symbol symbol symbol symbol symbol symbol symbol symbol symbol symbol symbol symbol symbol symbol symbol symbol symbol symbol symbol symbol symbol
Reference: returns true if m has fulfilling bit set .
Candidate: returns true if m has fulfilling bit set .
Reference: add a datasource listener
Candidate: update a data source
Reference: when comparing types against the bounds of a type variable , we may encounter other type variables , wildcards , and intersections in those bounds . this method traverses the
Candidate: processes the given annotation and the first the given in the the given and the the given the the given hierarchy .
Reference: changes to the failed state .
Candidate: changes to the starting state .
Reference: read at least the specified amount of bytes , and place them in the input buffer .
Candidate: helper method to reads an inputstream from the input stream .
Reference: compute the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors
Candidate: get the vectors of the supplied vectors .
Reference: ensure there is at least one animation for every path in group ( linking them by names ) build the " current " path based on the first group
Candidate: ensure that there build is under every group under every group under all least the animation at least one of the linking the indicated path .
Reference: cancels included only option
Candidate: cancels included turnouts included turnouts option .
Reference: kill all , including root or not the returned entries don ' t include the root entry though
Candidate: scanning for entry
Reference: shows an error dialog .
Candidate: shows an error dialog .
Reference: expert : just reads and verifies the suffix of an index header
Candidate: utility method that ensures that the given of that ensures that ensures that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that the
Reference: internal method for printing a tag with attributes .
Candidate: internal method for printing a tag with attributes .
Reference: get the disk name out from the input string .
Candidate: does the string string string does does does does does does does does does does does does does does does does does does does does does does does does does
Reference: draws a cloud shape for the given parameters .
Candidate: draws an actor shape for the given parameters .
Reference: returns result of calling ctx . istrustedobject ( obj ) with thread - local state set to obj .
Candidate: checks if the provided is the trusted .
Reference: creates a new persistent search request control .
Candidate: creates a new control request with the provided criticality and optional sort .
Reference: populates the synapse group with synapses by making individual synaptic connections between the neurons in the synapse group ' s source and target groups . these synapses are initialized with
Candidate: create a target that must create a portion of the request that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that
Reference: multiply two characters . the ordinal values of the characters are used in the multiplication ( the ordinal value is the unicode value which for simple character sets is the
Candidate: multiply a character by a ordinal value of the multiplication . the ordinal value is the unicode value which is simple character
Reference: return a string with linefeeds and carriage returns normalized to linefeeds .
Candidate: return the string of the passed as a string .
Reference: add a listener to be called when the player changes zone .
Candidate: adds a new pan listener .
Reference: write a single byte this is the one place where the blob threshold is handled and its done one byte at a time so should be easy enough , we
Candidate: attempt to round if the write is , then attempt to write to if the , then attempt to write it to the raster ' , then attempt to then
Reference: creates the new start listener .
Candidate: run the percentage where the case is disabled .
Reference: returns the contents of the table as a flat list .
Candidate: returns a table containing random table .
Reference: reset any explicit or default - set hooks . < p > note : this should only be used for testing purposes .
Candidate: reset the explicit set hooks . note that this should be used for testing purposes .
Reference: a hashing method that changes a string ( like a url ) into a hash suitable for using as a disk filename .
Candidate: a hashing method that changes a string ( like a url ) into a hash suitable for using a disk filename .
Reference: adds a value and calculates the new average of differences between the values within the window size provided at creation .
Candidate: if auto auto tab , auto auto , auto , auto auto auto auto auto auto auto auto auto auto auto auto auto auto auto auto auto auto auto auto
Reference: extra checks that get done for all test cases . triggers test case failure if any thread assertions have failed , by rethrowing , in the test harness thread ,
Candidate: triggers any case that assertions in the standard case case by any recorded earlier .
Reference: parses the given input string . the input must contain a valid json value , optionally padded with whitespace .
Candidate: parses the input string buffer , and the input string of the input stream .
Reference: returns the default max radius
Candidate: returns the length of the the deviation of the .
Reference: returns a copy of the input data .
Candidate: description of this method . new method will copy of the new method will copy of the new method will copy of the new method will copy of the new
Reference: the size of pending workers
Candidate: returns the number of live workers .
Reference: inserts the specified component into the menu at a given position .
Candidate: inserts a component at a specified position .
Reference: splits the string at every split character unless escaped . if the split limit is not - 1 , at most so many tokens will be returned . no more
Candidate: replace all n escape sequences the ' s newlines .
Reference: draws the chart legend .
Candidate: draws the chart legend .
Reference: curl - i - x post " http : / / < host > : < port > / webhdfs / v1 / < path > ? op = append
Candidate: test a remote way with a specified specified matching remote way . .
Reference: creates a new map with the same mappings as the given map . the map is created with a capacity of 1 . 5 times the number of mappings in
Candidate: creates a new map with the same mappings as the given map . the map is created with a capacity of 5 times the number of mappings in the mappings
Reference: adds a rule into the stylesheet .
Candidate: enables per effectively per effectively per effectively per effectively per effectively per effectively per effectively per effectively per effectively per effectively per effectively per effectively per effectively per effectively per
Reference: appends to the underlying data .
Candidate: adds a data to the specified .
Reference: this method checks if the oj url is still correct . if not , the dss keystore is outdated .
Candidate: helper method to check if the given is installed .
Reference: initializes this logger ' s resource bundle .
Candidate: initializes this logger ' s resource bundle .
Reference: construct an object , initializes graphiclist
Candidate: constructs an omgraphiclist awt to an omgraphiclist awt .
Reference: check whether the package name match standard java package name conventions .
Candidate: possibly possibly possibly check if the consistency is possibly sent member policy . this member .
Reference: remember a successful factory for connecting to host . currently , excess hosts are removed from the remembered list using a least recently created strategy .
Candidate: create a new for a by a new .
Reference: adds a long value to the request .
Candidate: adds a long value to the request .
Reference: returns the next available character , or the null character ' \ 0 ' if all input has been exhausted . the return value of this method is ambiguous for
Candidate: reads the next character from the input character . this method returns all character ' \ ' the next character ' has been read from the input and return the
Reference: removes first entry ; returns its snapshot .
Candidate: removes first entry ; returns its first snapshot .
Reference: creates new task cancellation exception given throwable as a cause and source of error message .
Candidate: creates new exception with given throwable as a cause and source of error message .
Reference: normalize a string . the string will be normalized according the the specified normalization mode and options .
Candidate: normalizes the length of the the into an array .
Reference: removes obsolete elements from names and shared elements .
Candidate: maps all views attached that we attached views attached attached attached attached attached attached to select attached views attached attached attached views attached attached views attached attached views attached attached
Reference: indicates if neighbor nodes with edges currently not visible still get highlighted .
Candidate: indicates whether the forms is able to be able to get the tiles in the .
Reference: completely remove an action .
Candidate: completely remove completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely
Reference: computes the maximum distance error due to a given level of approximation to a true arc .
Candidate: converts energy to the linear scale distribution .
Reference: gets next fasta record
Candidate: takes first resulting column into a
Reference: adds the specified character to self .
Candidate: adds the to self .
Reference: returns true if the given ifd is a valid ifd .
Candidate: returns true if the given ifd is a valid ifd .
Reference: remove a child from this group
Candidate: removes the passed group from group .
Reference: check if port exists in db .
Candidate: check to see if this storageport already exists
Reference: adds a split element at the end
Candidate: adds a split to the beginning .
Reference: compiling templates requires that we be able to list the avts added 9 / 5 / 2000 to support compilation experiment
Candidate: compiling support templates to the shape .
Reference: creates a new instance .
Candidate: bind out wraps all statistics .
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: close any bit and then flushing any output stream any bit bit to the output stream .
Reference: get the active direct connection with this endpoint ( if any )
Candidate: returns the current of searchlight illuminated coalescing bitsets .
Reference: combines the national number with any prefix ( idd / + and country code or national prefix ) that was collected . a space will be inserted between them if
Candidate: invokes inputdigithelper digit of the digit digit string accrued , digit and returns a formatted number of examples .
Reference: cut to the clipboard .
Candidate: the the deep copy of the running .
Reference: calling this method will stop all threads . this is needed when using javafx on mobile devices when the device goes to sleep mode .
Candidate: stops listening for this method .
Reference: releases resources in the index .
Candidate: removes all the entry from the list .
Reference: configure the helper . this must called before executing any commands .
Candidate: configures configures a configuration file .
Reference: write the given transformation matrix to the file .
Candidate: read the from the underlying ( ) from the underlying precedence ) .
Reference: signum ( ) for a positive bigdecimal
Candidate: equals ( ) for unequal bigdecimals
Reference: creates a new chain based on the existing chain with the new element added at the beginning
Candidate: creates new new new existing chain existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing
Reference: check for and get an operator kind .
Candidate: create the contents of the the the contents of the object . if the contents is the one of the the , the the , the the , the the
Reference: drags this object to a destination uiobject . the number of steps specified in your input parameter can influence the drag speed , and varying speeds may impact the results
Candidate: moves the the and the second region and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the
Reference: method that hashes contacts and syncs them to server
Candidate: load the remaining the the the the the the the the the values in the the . if the are not the the tab .
Reference: removes the xy series from the list .
Candidate: removes the xy series from the list .
Reference: add a glue , or variable spacing , to a ui component
Candidate: add a glue , or variable spacing , a ui component
Reference: writeresulttofile - - write a result ' result ' out in plain text format to file ' fname ' .
Candidate: this a list of the given file .
Reference: don ' t let anyone instantiate this class .
Candidate: don ' t ' t need to create others .
Reference: this method will write metadata at the end of file file format in thrift format
Candidate: this method will write metadata file at thrift format to end of the thrift format
Reference: display a node , implementing penn treebank style layout
Candidate: checks that the tree of all of the tree that has at the given of tree . if the tree is non - null of the tree .
Reference: run regex expression against original string
Candidate: performs a space that can be used between two open . each of tokens .
Reference: compare two characters in a string .
Candidate: this method should not see if the string is a string of a string . e . g .
Reference: helper methods which adjusts the actual length of the backing file for caching . as with caching , data is only actually written to disk , if a chunk has
Candidate: read chunk of chunks at chunk of chunk
Reference: creates a sequence of subnets with 2 pins from p_pin_list
Candidate: add a list of erasure nameableobject based on the input .
Reference: run this command with the arguments supplied
Candidate: run a group with the specified group .
Reference: parse an entity reference . [ 59 ] 350 : 17
Candidate: parse parse parse parse parse parse parse parse . parse parse parse parse parse parse parse parse parse parse parse parse parse parse parse parse parse parse parse parse parse
Reference: creates a jsni method invocation expression .
Candidate: helper method method corresponding method to corresponding method .
Reference: launches an dialog allowing the user to pick a new name for this variable , where no constraints are placed on the name .
Candidate: clears the interceptor lists maintained by this processor .
Reference: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .
Candidate: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .
Reference: drop the tables by the passing table name .
Candidate: generate a temporary to .
Reference: creates a new segment .
Candidate: creates a new segment .
Reference: given an email checks if the person exists in the manager .
Candidate: check to see if user is
Reference: removes from this list all of its elements that are contained in the specified collection . this is a particularly expensive operation in this class because of the need for
Candidate: removes all elements of the elements in this list .
Reference: the function convert_polar_stereographic_to_geodetic converts polar stereographic coordinates ( easting and northing ) to geodetic coordinates ( latitude and longitude ) according to the current ellipsoid and polar stereographic projection parameters
Candidate: the function convert_polar_stereographic_to_geodetic converts polar stereographic coordinates ( easting and northing ) coordinates according geodetic ( latitude and longitude ) coordinates according to the stereographic ellipsoid and polar stereographic projection
Reference: asserts aspects of a uri
Candidate: asserts aspects of a uri
Reference: a function to find the maximum of two values , but ignoring any double . nan values .
Candidate: computes the maximum of two double .
Reference: sets exclusive lock on the directory block when crabbing down for modification .
Candidate: sets the lock for the shared datagram .
Reference: removes the reference being stored for the given connection . this method should be called when the connection manager again has a direct reference to the connection .
Candidate: removes the active specific data from the active cache .
Reference: test if the queue matches a word character ( letter or digit ) .
Candidate: returns true if digit digit is digit digit letter digit digit digit digit digit digit digit digit digit digit digit digit digit digit digit digit digit digit digit digit digit
Reference: constructs a vacuum environment with two locations , in which dirt is placed at random .
Candidate: generate a new instance with timeouts .
Reference: generate the source files for the stub and / or skeleton classes needed by rmi for the given remote implementation class .
Candidate: entry for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for
Reference: add long click view id
Candidate: add long click long id
Reference: remove a creature respawn point from the zone .
Candidate: removes the removal from the list .
Reference: create a bug from an osb gpx xml wpt element .
Candidate: defines an new new new s new image on the supplied file .
Reference: converts an array of 8 bytes into a long .
Candidate: convert a bytes to a byte buffer .
Reference: decodes unicode escapes . interpretation of " \ \ uxxxx " escape sequences where xxxx is a hex - number .
Candidate: decodes \ \ encoded uxxxx escapes escape sequences \ uxxxx uxxxx uxxxx uxxxx uxxxx uxxxx uxxxx uxxxx uxxxx uxxxx uxxxx uxxxx uxxxx uxxxx uxxxx uxxxx uxxxx uxxxx uxxxx uxxxx uxxxx
Reference: pass mouseevent straight through to delegate
Candidate: pass mouseevent straight .
Reference: remove formatting from a line of irc text .
Candidate: escapes all occurrences of characters within the given string .
Reference: xor for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter
Candidate: xor for zero and zero
Reference: just prints out sorted after the time ( starting with 0 : 00 ) note : this is not the order in which the charging happened .
Candidate: performs an array of the specified array .
Reference: determines whether this ldap name is empty . an empty name is one with zero components .
Candidate: returns the name of the storage name .
Reference: this method saves a file with the last record read from the device
Candidate: this method handles the persisted info on the specified file .
Reference: creates organization configuration for the default instance of the service given configuration attributes .
Candidate: creates a new instance instance instance instance instance .
Reference: deletes an authentication domain ( circle of trust ) within a given realm .
Candidate: rebuilds a single entity distinguished .
Reference: add a sourcecoderemark on the given element with a preset evidence element collection
Candidate: add a sourcecoderemark on the collection element with the preset evidence collection collection collection collection collection collection collection collection collection collection collection collection collection collection collection collection collection collection collection
Reference: user event : single / block delete / insert / overwrite . called before any change has been done
Candidate: add an action to the the
Reference: method retrieves the pem encoded data from the stream and returns its decoded representation . method checks correctness of pem boundaries . it supposes that the first ' - '
Candidate: this method retrieves the pem encoded representation of the stream . the correctness of pem boundaries .
Reference: saves an entity asynchronously
Candidate: possibly possibly synchronous , unless you do < p > unless do called on the state , unless you need to unless do , unless you need to unless do
Reference: tell whether this stream supports the mark ( ) operation .
Candidate: tell whether this stream supports the mark operation .
Reference: encode parts of the message using text compaction as described in iso / iec 15438 : 2001 ( e ) , chapter 4 . 4 . 2 .
Candidate: encode parts of the message using text compaction as described in iso / iec 15438 : 2001 ( e ) , chapter chapter 4 . 4 . 2 .
Reference: follow the most conventional pattern , returns the parentname unchanged .
Candidate: internal method to calculate the corresponding tree package as possible . g .
Reference: create a new intcolumn .
Candidate: create a new intcolumn .
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: converts a select statement ' s parse tree into a relational expression .
Candidate: select the select select under select select select select select select select select select select select select select select select select select select select select select select select select select
Reference: executes the script at the specified location and returns the result .
Candidate: executes the specified script in the specified location .
Reference: creates a implementation of domtestdocumentbuilderfactory using org . apache . html . dom . htmlbuilder
Candidate: creates a dom implementation of domtestdocumentbuilderfactory using org . apache . html . htmlbuilder
Reference: formats the rate in hertz for display as megahertz
Candidate: converts a speed human / kb kb / readable kb .
Reference: checks whether this closeableiteration has been closed .
Candidate: returns true if this iterator has been closed .
Reference: start the network listening thread .
Candidate: initializes a hashcode for this thread .
Reference: makes a new simplifier for the given package and set of types .
Candidate: makes a new simplifier for the given package and set of types .
Reference: escapes the provided string so that it no longer contains the constants . delimiter character .
Candidate: encodes the given byte in the java utf - 8 . escape sequences .
Reference: human readable name of the mode , such as " c + + " .
Candidate: constructs the entity definition with the name of the parser .
Reference: the graphical representation of the series values as text .
Candidate: the graphical representation of the series values as text values .
Reference: convert a document to a string , assuming later encoding to utf - 8 .
Candidate: transforms a string representation of a string of a particular string .
Reference: obtain a client connection to the replica set or cluster . the supplied addresses are used as seeds , and once a connection is established it will discover all of
Candidate: get the list of the server list .
Reference: cast a string to a boolean value ( primitive value type )
Candidate: check if a string is a string string .
Reference: are there more work list items ?
Candidate: does work work work work work adapter ?
Reference: changes current seed by supplementing a seed argument to the current seed , if this already set ; the argument is used as first seed otherwise . < br >
Candidate: changes the current seed supplementing the current argument to the current argument . < br > if the current argument is used ; otherwise
Reference: outputs the bytecode generated as a class file
Candidate: creates a outputstream to outputstream outputstream , outputstream .
Reference: the cff flag determines whether font information should be embedded in the compact font format using swf tag definefont4 .
Candidate: validate the email email and email variables . < p > scipio : remove special values and return true if an error parameter is present , and will also be
Reference: test the image generator .
Candidate: runs the jsr166 of the command line .
Reference: moses requires the pattern . * _ . * for sparse features , and prohibits underscores in dense features . this conforms to that pattern . we assume non -
Candidate: creates a new speech to a given output .
Reference: calculates the approximate height of a text , depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls ( e . g . inside drawing methods )
Candidate: calculates a approximate height of a text , depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls ( e . g . inside drawing methods ) .
Reference: checks if service is being shutdown .
Candidate: asserts that the service of the that is rejected . < br > rejected that is rejected . rejected .
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table public . sampletable2
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table discussion
Reference: checks the currently queued tasks if there are ones which are no longer blocked by dependencies and executes them .
Candidate: cancel a task from a warning .
Reference: callshortmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns a short value
Candidate: callbooleanmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns a short value
Reference: utility function to draw a vertical margin indicator
Candidate: utility function to draw an horizontal indicator
Reference: fires a property change of a boolean property with the given name . if the old value and the new value are not null and equal the event will not
Candidate: fires a property change of a boolean property with the given name . if the old value are not null and the event will not
Reference: remove marker icons from panel
Candidate: add a filter to the list of the receiver .
Reference: captures string token from current position according to the current lexical state
Candidate: read a random out of the output stream . it can be read , then writes it can be read .
Reference: this static method converts the passed in number into a localizable representation of an integer , with digit grouping using locale dependant separators .
Candidate: convert a value to a string format .
Reference: tests correct parsing of client handshake packets .
Candidate: private method . packet .
Reference: initialize the layout with starting values .
Candidate: initialize the layout starting with starting .
Reference: runs the test case .
Candidate: runs the test case .
Reference: checks a stack frame value .
Candidate: checks a stack frame value .
Reference: calculates a quantitative , square root scaled layout .
Candidate: calculates the quantitative , linearly , linearly .
Reference: creates a new template based on the string value . this method finds the best template representation for the string and returns the result .
Candidate: computes a deep copy of a parse the mysql .
Reference: return whether or not we should apply the workaround where we take focus for the default button or if that should be determined by the dialog . by default only
Candidate: check if the user has been changed .
Reference: initiate signature type by private key
Candidate: initiate signature type by private key
Reference: given the map of all existing zones for a set on initiators and ports , this function selects the zones that should be used by vipr .
Candidate: fetches background of zones ( ) uses the index of player to the player of the player ( uses the player ( index ( player ( player ( player (
Reference: checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified . < p > this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the
Candidate: checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified . < p > this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the
Reference: write jar post resource
Candidate: updates the path for the given path .
Reference: close the file . the file may later be re - opened using openfile .
Candidate: close the buffered file
Reference: constructs a new single typed event listener .
Candidate: constructs an instance for for the given handler of the given class .
Reference: return a list of node objects that have the given name and are immediate children of the given element ; if name is null , all child elements will be
Candidate: returns a list of all nodes given node .
Reference: provides a corleone instance to work on the given context .
Candidate: initialize the order of the given context .
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used
Reference: computes entropy for an array of integers .
Candidate: calculates the number of frequency distribution .
Reference: adds the given method to this class .
Candidate: this method call method to this method .
Reference: add a callback to be invoked when a swipe event is sent to this view .
Candidate: add a callback to be invoked when a swipe event is sent to this view .
Reference: atomically removes all of the elements from this deque . the deque will be empty after this call returns .
Candidate: atomically removes all of the elements from this deque . the deque will be empty after this call returns .
Reference: authorization related operations should take effect on all replicas , before they complete . this method adds a special header that sets the quorum level to all available nodes ,
Candidate: performs cleanup operation that will attempt that wraps operation results that will be cleanup before shuts successive asynchronously wraps asynchronously . wraps that wraps asynchronously wraps asynchronously wraps asynchronously wraps
Reference: shows the initial splash window .
Candidate: extract image image from an image image .
Reference: find the end of the line for the next operation . the following sequences are recognized as end - of - line cr , cr lf , or lf
Candidate: reads the buffer from the buffer buffer . if the buffer is able to handle the buffer of the buffer that don ' t write them to the buffer size
Reference: add a new server transaction to the set of existing transactions . add it to the top of the list so an incoming ack has less work to do in
Candidate: put the the configuration .
Reference: determine the space between the first two fingers
Candidate: returns the distance between the two fingers
Reference: search for polymorphic containment based on inheritance of receiver and arguments .
Candidate: method method call super method .
Reference: instantiates a new jk tag mapping .
Candidate: constructs an empty namespaces namespaces to obtain an empty search .
Reference: filter by attribute set instance
Candidate: create a new and return a table .
Reference: opens the savefilestream if necessary
Candidate: writes the records into file into the file file
Reference: test verifies that exact match and find always return the same reference for the same commit record ( at least as long as the test holds a hard reference to
Candidate: test verifies that stops verifies and verifies and verifies and verifies and verifies and verifies and verifies and verifies and verifies and verifies and verifies and verifies and test verifies
Reference: prints an object to standard output and flushes standard output .
Candidate: prints an integer to standard output and flushes standard output .
Reference: smart lifecycle stop implementation . closes the db connection pool .
Candidate: stop new new beat new queue , and new threshold w .
Reference: reads bytes from a given file reader until either a certain character is read , the buffer is completely filled or the end of file is reached .
Candidate: reads a byte from the specified portion of the specified file .
Reference: generate the graph file . . .
Candidate: generate the graph graph . .
Reference: close a bytearrayoutputstream passed in .
Candidate: close a bytearrayoutputstream passed in .
Reference: tests behavior when used for a sequence of sql statements . each statement uses a savepoint . within a statement , changes by the statement itself are not seen ;
Candidate: create a new incomplete . . com .
Reference: method for beancontextchild interface . uses the beancontextchildsupport to add a listener to this object ' s property . you don ' t need this function for objects that extend
Candidate: method for beancontextchild interface .
Reference: creates the extended entity configuration under the realm .
Candidate: updates the entity entity the entity .
Reference: true if the entry is expired .
Candidate: true if the entry is expired .
Reference: loads the user image into the action bar profile pic
Candidate: called all all all the all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all
Reference: returns a direction corresponding to the specified arrow key . if the event does not map to one of the 4 keyboard arrows , the returned direction will be either
Candidate: internal method to find the first to the command .
Reference: create a new tracegraph
Candidate: creates a new instance of .
Reference: indicates if the tooltip will stay persistent on the screen to support interaction within the tooltip component .
Candidate: indicates if the component is stay tooltip support to persistent screen component .
Reference: makes a date from separate strings for month , day , year , hour , minute , and second .
Candidate: scipio : makes a timestamp from a .
Reference: restart a failed task unless exceeding the retires limitation
Candidate: indicate a reasonable task
Reference: update the ltp buffer for next frame
Candidate: paint the usage reference .
Reference: finds a log4j configuration file in the current working directory . the names of the files to look for are the same as those that log4j would look for on
Candidate: extends the case of the given file .
Reference: draws a line on the chart perpendicular to the y - axis to mark a value or range of values .
Candidate: draws a line marker .
Reference: attempt to add a word to the line . if the line can fit the word in without reaching the maximum line length then the word is added and the
Candidate: checks whether the rule is one of a word .
Reference: called when mplayexample is clicked
Candidate: determines whether the specified value is a in the specified mode , this method is specifically in the physical value .
Reference: read the www - authenticate header
Candidate: handles a boolean value as a boolean character .
Reference: returns the string value of the given boolean . returns null if argument is null .
Candidate: returns the string value to the given string .
Reference: sends and consumes the messages .
Candidate: test the the message .
Reference: adds + live to the query
Candidate: adds a live live + to live + query
Reference: gets the contents at the given uri .
Candidate: gets the contents at the given uri .
Reference: check existence of config section element
Candidate: returns true if the given key exists .
Reference: create an allocation site for a given source code line / column .
Candidate: each column of each each each each each each each each each each each each each each each each each each each each each each each each each each each
Reference: draws an image , applying a transform from image space into user space before drawing . the transformation from user space into device space is done with the current transform
Candidate: draws an image hint user image hint image image image image image user image hint user image hint drawing image user image hint image image image image image image image
Reference: fast method for parsing integers that are known to fit into regular 32 - bit signed int type . this means that length is between 1 and 9 digits (
Candidate: description of the int version .
Reference: creates new form activitymonitorsample
Candidate: creates new form numberpanel
Reference: returns two locations with the most extreme latitudes on the great circle with the given starting location and azimuth .
Candidate: computes a location to a specified location .
Reference: initialize the service activation checkbox
Candidate: hide the preferred and marked if the proximity message and the computation up visited . detect reset .
Reference: paint the check mark in enabled state .
Candidate: paint the mouse fill .
Reference: tries to find an index where the supplied uri can be split into a namespace and a local name that comply with the serialization constraints of the turtle format .
Candidate: tries to find the uri into local datastore according to where the property name can be safely in the given position .
Reference: write to file log
Candidate: writes the file to disk .
Reference: refreshlocal files from inital path
Candidate: loads the information about the popup settings .
Reference: create a dnsrecord with a name , type , class , and ttl .
Candidate: create a dnsrecord with a name , , , , , and type , and name , and name .
Reference: indents the specified text , surrounds it with brackets and put the content on a separate line .
Candidate: indents the specified brackets , surrounds it with the specified brackets and it it .
Reference: adds the content spec to the given element declaration .
Candidate: update the model based on the model model .
Reference: expands the hash " spine " - - equivalent to increasing the number of buckets in a conventional hash table .
Candidate: resets the table to its initial capacity .
Reference: attempts to reconnect to a failed server
Candidate: if the contents of the the sql state . if the state is required , go up for the background state .
Reference: returns unmodifiable collections of records .
Candidate: returns a collection of all elements in topology .
Reference: returns the signature that was built by this signature writer .
Candidate: returns the contents of the signature writer .
Reference: [ changeevent ] todo why just on var ? should it be returned for getter / setter props ?
Candidate: helper method to check if see if the given name is in the case of a set of strings .
Reference: reset all components before parsing and namespace context
Candidate: reset all components before parsing namespace context and namespace context
Reference: distance between circle center
Candidate: gets the absolute intervals of the given intervals .
Reference: constructs a simplecommand from the given command name and the list of arguments .
Candidate: return the given name of the given name .
Reference: grows the size of the stack
Candidate: grows the size of the stack
Reference: returns the given string in lowercase
Candidate: returns the root of lowercase .
Reference: create an instance with overides
Candidate: creates an instance with the specified mouse event modifiers .
Reference: breadth - first search implementation for integers . see double implementation for the parameters details . note that for compilation reasons parameters are in a different order compared to the
Candidate: find each index nodes for each immediate vars finds a node in the level in each supertype , scan finds the first scan level in the cutoff level .
Reference: creates the view and analyzes the type
Candidate: creates the hierarchical type and analyzes the
Reference: check that the number of arguments passed to this function is correct .
Candidate: check that the number of arguments passed to the correct error .
Reference: announce membership in the specified groups , and return false if interrupted , otherwise return true . this method is run from synchronized run method in thread .
Candidate: determines if received packet to a receiver .
Reference: create a drawingattributes with the default settings - clear fill paint and pattern , sold black edge line of width 1 .
Candidate: generates a feature representing the given project .
Reference: closes this input stream .
Candidate: closes the input stream .
Reference: creates the policy tree , ou = policy , ou = services , . . .
Candidate: creates the configuration with the with the with the with the attributes .
Reference: roll back method to clean up stale snapshot volume on storage system
Candidate: handles storage check for restore storage volume from storage storage volume .
Reference: converts a string denoting an amount of time into seconds . strings are expected to follow this form where # equals a digit : # m the following are permitted
Candidate: removes a string from the given string .
Reference: this method should be called in activity ondestroy method
Candidate: this to detach a to from the caller .
Reference: update button actions from preferences settings .
Candidate: find brings the panels and the shows the visible by the other menu . .
Reference: tries to add a download object to the active list . will not work if the max number of downloads is already reached .
Candidate: tries to add a download to the list list .
Reference: adds the expression to tlacode / tlacodenextline and its mapping to mappingvector / mappingvectornextline . it adds no space before the expression and leaves the last line of the expression
Candidate: strings strings strings strings strings strings strings strings strings strings strings strings strings strings strings strings strings strings strings strings strings strings strings strings strings strings strings strings strings strings
Reference: true if hunk is longer than 1 character and all letters in the hunk are uppercase . false if not .
Candidate: returns true if we ends lowercase panes lowercase lowercase lowercase lowercase lowercase lowercase lowercase lowercase lowercase lowercase lowercase lowercase lowercase lowercase lowercase lowercase lowercase lowercase lowercase lowercase lowercase lowercase lowercase
Reference: adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in
Candidate: adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in
Reference: simulate keyboard type to type out a string . this types upper case letter by using shift + lower case letter . almost every typeable character on ansi keyboard is
Candidate: appends the given string to the string .
Reference: simple registration doesn ' t implement authentication services .
Candidate: returns true if bootpath should be shown in the preferences .
Reference: this function ensures that prefix / suffix sets aren ' t redundant . for example , if we know " ab " is a possible prefix , then it doesn
Candidate: convert a list of strings to
Reference: returns the next random int .
Candidate: begins next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next
Reference: updates the user preference fields . override this to use a different preference space .
Candidate: set the set gesture set gesture set gesture set gesture set gesture .
Reference: store current system time as the last used
Candidate: updates brings the time to the current time .
Reference: takes into account transparency when figuring out what can be contained .
Candidate: gets the transition transition to the transition .
Reference: extract the arcs from an object identifier .
Candidate: return the array of the elements with the given array and the array array .
Reference: test case for isduplicate
Candidate: note : work of the standard case of the standard case of work here to work here .
Reference: updates stats for conditional density estimator based on current test instance .
Candidate: opens the network .
Reference: return true if this file should be shown in the directory pane , false if it shouldn ' t . files that begin with " . " are ignored .
Candidate: return true if the tab file should be shown in the directory pane .
Reference: add two numbers of the same length . the first one is positive and the second is negative . the first one is greater in absolute value .
Candidate: add two numbers of different length and the first is positive . the first is longer .
Reference: adds a keepalive connection .
Candidate: adds a keepalive connection .
Reference: this method will increment the access count for a column by 1 whenever a column is getting used in query or incremental data load
Candidate: this method will increment the access count by the column count
Reference: creating cluster policy object .
Candidate: compute a new version of the first time .
Reference: compares two doubles for equality .
Candidate: returns true if the given point is approximately a floating point .
Reference: convert bitmap to byte array
Candidate: convert bitmap to byte array
Reference: creates new form configurecoerceiveparsingdialog_nb
Candidate: creates new form configurecoerceiveparsingdialog_nb
Reference: gets the log at a certain base of a number .
Candidate: calculate the log number of the given number .
Reference: api method . change values for the entry entry .
Candidate: this method a method of an entry .
Reference: evaluates the uf6 problem .
Candidate: evaluates the uf6 problem .
Reference: constructs save dialog properties
Candidate: creates a new with the specified of theme .
Reference: reads next variable length block from input .
Candidate: reads next variable block length .
Reference: will add the run to the list .
Candidate: runs a task task .
Reference: copies all the converters in the set to the given array .
Candidate: initialises the renderer gets this renderer gets the renderer gets the renderer . the renderer gets the renderer gets executed . gets the gesture gets gets gets gets gets gets
Reference: add an output sensor to this route
Candidate: returns true if the sensor occupancy sensor is executing sensor and adds an attribute name separately separately .
Reference: initialize the socketstream with a new socket .
Candidate: deletes the specified key .
Reference: resets both mediaplayers , and clears the queue . this makes the current instance act like a new one , retaining any attached callbacks and other properties unrelated to the
Candidate: initialize a new queuedmediaplayer
Reference: if a value is present , invoke the consumer with the value .
Candidate: accept a specified value of a specified value , which have a specified value if a value is present , otherwise accept nothing .
Reference: send a dim / bright commands to the x10 hardware to reach a specific intensity . acts immediately , and changes no general state . < p > this sends
Candidate: send a dim over bright specific last command changes < p > the last command fixed send immediately to the last block changes
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: reads the next token from standard input , parses it as a float , and returns the float .
Candidate: reads the next token from standard input , parses it as .
Reference: creates a new task scheduler .
Candidate: creates an instance of the server .
Reference: java . util . arrays # fill ( int [ ] , int , int , int )
Candidate: java . util . arrays # fill ( char [ ] , int , int ) .
Reference: calculates control width and creates text layouts
Candidate: calculates control width and creates text layouts
Reference: closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache
Candidate: closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache
Reference: always return true since we wanna get all vars in scope
Candidate: return true since we wanna get all vars in scope scope scope scope scope
Reference: inserts a string of characters into the document .
Candidate: receive notification of pairs pairs for xml character .
Reference: converts the supplies iso 8601 duration into a human readable string . if the supplied duration is greater than 1 day , then it will return " inf . "
Candidate: remove all values from the given .
Reference: sends a text message to the group
Candidate: sends a message plain text message
Reference: returns a string object representing this long ' s value . the long integer value represented by this long object is converted to signed decimal representation and returned as a
Candidate: returns a string representing the integer value .
Reference: remove a thread from the list .
Candidate: remove the thread from the current thread .
Reference: creates a default dock node event handler that will help this dock pane track the current docking area .
Candidate: creates a new node node .
Reference: reads how much of the source to log . the user can specify any value they like and numbers are interpreted the maximum number of characters to log and everything
Candidate: initialize the current settings which can be used as dictated by the settings .
Reference: deletes current version of license file in / tmp / . license
Candidate: reads the license file from the file .
Reference: alias for testnet3params . get ( ) , use that instead .
Candidate: public that the given key has been marked as the same as the same as the . if it is not so that it is not been marked as the
Reference: encoding loop on private thread
Candidate: loop private loop loop on private private
Reference: de - serialize from input stream .
Candidate: read the stream of input stream . stream .
Reference: updates the bounds for the fast scroller .
Candidate: updates the bounds for the fast scroller .
Reference: creates a new dnetscapecapolicyurl dialog .
Candidate: creates a new dnetscaperevocationurl dialog .
Reference: call this method from your guiscreen to process the keys into the textbox
Candidate: this method will get the the values of the business object object .
Reference: locate the best instance of ' pattern ' in ' text ' near ' loc ' using the bitap algorithm . returns - 1 if no match found .
Candidate: locate the instance of ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' '
Reference: creates a new directory with the given parent folder and folder name . the newly created folder will be deleted on graceful vm shutdown .
Candidate: creates a directory directories . create a parent directories .
Reference: is operating system windows 8 or 8 . 1 ?
Candidate: is operating system windows 98 ?
Reference: find unused functions in a unit
Candidate: this method will be used for changes from the given .
Reference: adds the items to the list . items added to the list are numbers and letters .
Candidate: fills the next list complain . max_value .
Reference: gets an unmodifiable proxy list that will have as it ' s only entry an direct proxy .
Candidate: get a list of the a property .
Reference: adds a list of definitions to the existing list of definitions .
Candidate: add a of the to the existing category .
Reference: adds a new observation with the specified value and group .
Candidate: adds a new observation with the specified value and group .
Reference: add the given vcf record to the statistics
Candidate: parse the header header header header and add header definition .
Reference: read some bytes from the stream .
Candidate: read some bytes from the stream .
Reference: creates a new ldif entry reader which will read lines of ldif from the provided array of ldif lines .
Candidate: creates a new ldif record to the provided writer .
Reference: a person may re - appear on the same link .
Candidate: sets the default rate screenshot .
Reference: remove item at the given position
Candidate: remove the item at the given position
Reference: present the licenses to the user - if the preaccept parameter is set , then simply display them through system . out . otherwise display each one and confirm that
Candidate: we have the selected on the particular coloring .
Reference: add an existing geokey to the directory .
Candidate: adds a new feature .
Reference: detect patterns in a geo time serie instance . return a modified version of the original gts instance where only the values which are part of one of the provided
Candidate: center a column numbers of a center center .
Reference: debug method : output all itemsets .
Candidate: returns the list of strings to the given string , where the ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s
Reference: flatten a boolean [ ] into an xmlserializer . the list can later be read back with readthisbooleanarrayxml ( ) .
Candidate: flatten an [ ] into a xmlserializer . the list can later be read back with readthisbooleanarrayxml ( ) .
Reference: will add the rule to the rules list .
Candidate: saves the current customization to the file .
Reference: builds a new skype connection without connecting to anything .
Candidate: creates a new accountcreator username . username username username username username username username username username username username username username username username username username username username username username username username username
Reference: called from ontouchevent to end a drag operation .
Candidate: called from ontouchevent to a drag operation .
Reference: or newflags with existing flags . first computes existing flags if needed .
Candidate: adds the given flags to the given flags .
Reference: check whether or not a trusted certificate in the supplied keystore matches the supplied x . 509 certificate .
Candidate: verifies that the certificate key exists , ie that does ie that ie that ie that ie that ie that ie that ie that ie that ie that ie that
Reference: delete given amount of last updated articles from db . published and starred articles are ignored so the configured limit is not an exact upper limit to the number of
Candidate: parse the current time time the current time .
Reference: move all views ( excluding headers and footers ) held by this twowayabslistview into the supplied list . this includes views displayed on the screen as well as views stored
Candidate: move all views ( excluding headers and footers ) held by this abslistview into the supplied list . this includes views displayed on the screen as well as views stored
Reference: returns a verifier for the smart proxies of the specified mahalo server proxy .
Candidate: this method awaits fp - bfloat .
Reference: displays our component in the location ( 0 , translatey ) . note that this changes only the rendering location of the button , not the physical location of it
Candidate: translates protected to protected draw rendering drawing .
Reference: inserts any necessary separators and whitespace before a name . also adjusts the stack to expect the key ' s value .
Candidate: inserts any necessary separators and whitespace before the name ' s also adjusts the stack expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect
Reference: copies data from an input stream to an output stream using a buffer of specified size .
Candidate: copies the contents of an input stream into an output stream .
Reference: test the configuration files option with copying of subdirectory as - is .
Candidate: test the configuration files option with copying of the file in subdirectory .
Reference: add two long integers , checking for overflow .
Candidate: returns a number of two bytes predicate .
Reference: serializes the general qualifier .
Candidate: removes the attributes of the appropriate for each comment . .
Reference: adds a preconfigured jcheckbox to the specified container , setting its alignment constraint to left and adding an empty padding border .
Candidate: configures the ability to a & delivered . note that this can be used to this panel .
Reference: draws the background for the plot .
Candidate: draws the background for the plot .
Reference: push the current graphics state onto the stack . continue working with the current object ; calling pop ( ) restores the state of this object to its state when
Candidate: push a drawable rectangle onto the top drawable drawable .
Reference: drop an existing full text index for a table . this method returns silently if no index for this table exists .
Candidate: close the database on the database . on the database .
Reference: gets but does not remove the head of the queue .
Candidate: gets the next element but does not remove the head of the queue exists .
Reference: adds a processor to the internal processor queue .
Candidate: gets the total of the provided queue .
Reference: adds a copy of the given byte array as a data element ( i . e . pushdata ) at the given index in the program .
Candidate: write the given given given given stream to the given
Reference: initializes the resource name with configuration information , usally set by the administrators . the main configration information retrived is mainly like wild card pattern used , one level wild
Candidate: initializes the information information information information information information information information information information information information information information information information information information information information information information information information information information information information
Reference: delete an old , free pool entry to make room for a new one . used to replace pool entries with ones for a different route .
Candidate: delete an old entry for a pool . make a different free room to make room to make room to make room to make room to make a different free
Reference: convert less than one thousand
Candidate: convert less than one thousand
Reference: detect if an uri represents an embedded base 64 image .
Candidate: returns true if the uri uri is uri .
Reference: for internal use only .
Candidate: searches the specified state sync state
Reference: attempt to parse a link label , returning number of characters parsed .
Candidate: get the index of the the .
Reference: this method try to attributes the nodes received to child of the node . it returns the node that were not attributed .
Candidate: maps the nodes to the the comment .
Reference: devuelve el contenido de un file como string
Candidate: asserts that the given file exists .
Reference: invoked when an unexpected exception occurred during processing . by default the exception is thrown further .
Candidate: invoked when a processing exception occurs .
Reference: checks if the user should have access to the app . binds the service if necessary . < p > note : this call uses a trivially obfuscated string (
Candidate: checks if the access to the user necessary . < p > note that we can let dexguard obfuscate the string
Reference: saves and closes the track . the object should not be used afterwards , as saving will be disabled . the save file will never be accessed by this object
Candidate: closes the open file and releases it as an opened .
Reference: returns the index of one of the available operators randomly selected using the probabilities .
Candidate: returns the size of the last randomly of operators .
Reference: returns a list of string chunks , derived from a given string .
Candidate: takes and constructs a sum of the containing both and the pairs of the elements and the union of the original product , and = operators .
Reference: this method will convert boolean [ ] to string with comma separated . this needs to be done as sort step meta only supports string types .
Candidate: helper method to convert unix to to to to to use in this method .
Reference: decode the contents of the string into a bytebuffer .
Candidate: 208 * decode the contents of the string into a bytebuffer . 209
Reference: clears the content of the panel
Candidate: clears the default manager ' s this method that will also be the default changes .
Reference: get a brighter shade of an input color .
Candidate: create a two version of the given 1 . 0 . 1 . 1 . 1 . 1 . 1 . 1 . 1 . 1 . 1 . 1
Reference: shuts down the network thread , this will trigger failures if you have network requests
Candidate: shuts down the thread of the service thread .
Reference: this ctor interprets the byte array as a sequence of characters to send .
Candidate: this ctor interprets a byte array as a sequence of characters .
Reference: executed when the i / o has completed
Candidate: executed when the i / o has completed
Reference: write the golomb code of a value .
Candidate: this method will increment the first time at the left - endian field .
Reference: add a new force function to the simulator .
Candidate: add a new force function to the simulator .
Reference: work around for google gson parser emitting numbers as ' lazily parsed ' numbers .
Candidate: convert a metric value to a metric value .
Reference: test whether the specified range overlaps the current region
Candidate: note that only see if the is is is is is is is is only the other than the processor . only the other processor is only .
Reference: creates a new okapi object
Candidate: create a new entry with the supplied distribution . searcher .
Reference: prepare - e . g . , get parameters .
Candidate: non - e . g . parameters . .
Reference: method to quickly indicate if the service is not configured .
Candidate: checks if this service is access to the configured service .
Reference: convert a csv list into an array of strings .
Candidate: convert a csv list into an array of strings .
Reference: this method will be used to read the byte array from file based on offset and length ( number of bytes ) need to read
Candidate: this method will be used to read byte file based on byte array from the number of bytes ( byte offset ) method will be used to be used to
Reference: fatalerror : print a message and terminate the vm
Candidate: releaseprimitivearraycritical : wrap the exception description of the exception is intended to wrap the exception exception . wrap the exception exception wrap exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception
Reference: move original file to backup directory .
Candidate: checks for a with a given directory .
Reference: push a pair of nodes into the stack . special purpose method for transformerimpl , pushelemtemplateelement . performance critical .
Candidate: push a pair of nodes into the stack . special purpose method for transformerimpl , pushelemtemplateelement . performance critical .
Reference: clears storage in preparation for restore operation .
Candidate: replace a fragment that your replace the given scriptpubkey . note that this will be added to the your default system .
Reference: cloud specific container config options
Candidate: add a new item to a new editing mode .
Reference: constructs game settings with default parameters
Candidate: creates a new instance of factories for the energy purposes .
Reference: removes users from the organization .
Candidate: removes users from the organizational unit .
Reference: checks to see if the filename matches one of the wildcards .
Candidate: checks to see if the filename matches the wildcards .
Reference: include a region in the model
Candidate: removes a region in the model .
Reference: a utility function to close an input stream without raising an exception .
Candidate: closes an input stream input stream . raising an exception .
Reference: this function fetches the requestid value of the batchrequest xml element and call the default implementation ( super ) .
Candidate: the method that start the kind of the detected , at the end of the request element .
Reference: closes all connected clients sockets , then closes the underlying serversocketchannel , effectively killing the server socket selectorthread , freeing the port the server was bound to and stops all
Candidate: closes connected connected clients connected connected connected connected connected connected connected connected connected connected connected connected , connected connected to connected connected connected clients connected connected connected connected connected connected
Reference: creates new instance of storage for storing temporary data . the storage directory is initialized by gettemporarystoragedirectory ( ) value .
Candidate: creates a new instance of the given directory .
Reference: calculates the bar width and stores it in the renderer state .
Candidate: runs the high - width in the database .
Reference: opens the camera and starts sending preview frames to the underlying detector . the preview frames are not displayed .
Candidate: opens the camera and starts sending preview frames to the underlying detector . the preview frames are not displayed .
Reference: adds a breakpoint listener .
Candidate: adds a new pan listener .
Reference: updates the container . this forwards the update to any lightweight components that are children of this container . if this method is reimplemented , super . update ( g
Candidate: draw the background bar for the canvas .
Reference: removes and signals threads from queue for phase .
Candidate: removes and signals threads from queue for phase .
Reference: returns an initialized dateformat object .
Candidate: returns an initialized dateformat object .
Reference: used in environments where full debug may not be available
Candidate: prints the stack trace to the exception .
Reference: check the name of a type and its enclosed elements and type parameters .
Candidate: returns a list of the given parameters .
Reference: create a new block with default style at ( startx , starty )
Candidate: create a new instance with a given string .
Reference: returns value for poisson distribution
Candidate: the the state of the the state state the state of the state state the state state .
Reference: recursive parsing statement . keys on connectors ( and , or ) and builds expressions based on those . then looks for mini connectors ( and , or ) and
Candidate: parses the tree . .
Reference: adds the given channel to this set of stored states , broadcasting the contract and refund transactions when the channel expires and notifies the wallet of an update to this
Candidate: kill the given channel . if the channel is already exist .
Reference: deletes all files in a folder
Candidate: deletes all the files directory in the local directory .
Reference: convenient way of sending data from an input stream to an output file in the most efficient way possible
Candidate: this method adds the high utf utf - utf - utf - 8 of the first utf - utf - utf - utf - utf - utf - utf -
Reference: releases the underlying receiver . this is only safe to do after the associated thread has completed , which is managed in camera source ' s release method above .
Candidate: releases the underlying receiver , this is only safe to do the associated ' s completed , which is managed in camera source . release method above .
Reference: trim all occurrences of the supplied leading character from the given string .
Candidate: trim all occurrences of the supplied character from the given string .
Reference: retrieves and removes the head of this queue , waiting if necessary until an element with an expired delay is available on this queue .
Candidate: retrieves an removes the head of this queue , waiting if necessary until expired delay available if the queue is expired expired .
Reference: schedules timeout on the timerwheel in a thread - safe manner
Candidate: schedule a topic on the given topic on the given topic . if condition is interrupted .
Reference: submits task to execution pool
Candidate: submits task to execution pool
Reference: adds the given attribute selection
Candidate: add the attribute to the the
Reference: creates the buffer containing any left over bytes .
Candidate: creates the buffer containing the left over bytes .
Reference: returns a sample point for the action , assuming a uniform distribution over the action values
Candidate: computes the action - value from the samples from the samples from the distribution .
Reference: on close we manage some statistics , and remove this connection from the channel group .
Candidate: add the pending connection to manage the so that we can be gracefully to the next closed connection .
Reference: load in headless mode a specified model and create an experiment
Candidate: the helper method to validate the system properties .
Reference: determines if this id corresponds to the ' next ' execution window .
Candidate: checks if the given id is id .
Reference: check whether the given class is visible in the given classloader .
Candidate: returns true if the given classloader is the specified classloader is the specified classloader .
Reference: remove the event and save the response into the other path .
Candidate: convenience method to return a if any , and then return any if any number of the buffer .
Reference: returns a xml for displaying attribute in property sheet .
Candidate: constructs a xml model with the xml model .
Reference: returns true if the atg string matches the name of the arg , or , if allowabbr is true , returns true if the arg length is one and it
Candidate: checks if the specified parameter is boolean .
Reference: adds all items in the specific array to the specific list .
Candidate: adds a list of strings to the list of the given list .
Reference: removes a supercardtoast from the list .
Candidate: removes the specified at the specified index .
Reference: test based on some sample data .
Candidate: test sample data data data .
Reference: a function that generates password - based aes & hmac keys . see generatekeyfrompassword .
Candidate: a function that generates a password based aes & hmac keys & see generatekeyfrompassword .
Reference: escapes the provided assertion value according to the ldap standard . as a special case this method does not escape the ' * ' character , in order to be
Candidate: generate a string builder , anchored capturing ' s expression .
Reference: filter the child view at index and remove it if appropriate .
Candidate: remove the given child item in the appropriate index .
Reference: check if a declaration has already been made for a given prefix .
Candidate: check if a declaration has already been made for a given prefix .
Reference: executes one simulation step .
Candidate: copies all the elements of the the scanner .
Reference: manage attack status rate
Candidate: should be used for rows from a http text .
Reference: the function supplied here may be called more than once per vertex depending on the implementation .
Candidate: creates the given object from the given and the the given object .
Reference: changes the state of a connectiondesc from busy to idle and records the current time so that we will know how long it has been idle .
Candidate: returns the current state to the current state .
Reference: validate if there is less replicas than requested to remove . also error out if there is only one replica available
Candidate: the method that that all the collection in the collection that can be created in the collection .
Reference: return this as a classdeclaration or throw unsupportedoperationexception .
Candidate: this function is called when a class name is a ( dotted ) .
Reference: converts a map of partition key - value pairs to a name . note that special characters are not escaped unlike in production , and the order of the key
Candidate: convert a string to the string .
Reference: convert the specified charsequence to an input stream , encoded as bytes using the specified character encoding .
Candidate: convert the specified charsequence to an input stream , encoded as bytes using the specified character encoding .
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: regression test for harmony - 4396
Candidate: regression test for harmony - 4396
Reference: method deletecheque remove cheque from db by id
Candidate: clears the current click .
Reference: assumes that the given covariance matrix was extracted in such a way that the order of the variables ( in either direction ) is x , y , z1 ,
Candidate: generate the inverse of points for the given relative to generate the given set of kernels .
Reference: add a derived column to this table , using an expression instance to dynamically calculate the column data values .
Candidate: add an invalid uri to a syntax handler .
Reference: increments put and get time accumulators .
Candidate: increments the number of time accumulators .
Reference: check whether the specified saturation is valid or not .
Candidate: encodes a double value .
Reference: utility method to parse a cell definition for a particular value .
Candidate: get the option option option screenshot .
Reference: call for circuit builder to make icon color changes for its gui
Candidate: run a command for testing purposes . < p / >
Reference: run command cmd in separate process in directory
Candidate: returns the directory to the given directory .
Reference: returns the socketchannel underlying this socketcommchannel
Candidate: returns the event event .
Reference: java . util . date # date ( int , int , int , int , int , int )
Candidate: java . util . date # int , int , int , int , int , int , int , int , int , int , int , int ,
Reference: creates a mojangson string from the given bytearray tag .
Candidate: creates a string digest with the specified string .
Reference: add filter ( s ) for possible types to the input file chooser .
Candidate: create a new unknown .
Reference: retries regenumvalueex ( ) max_attempts times before giving up .
Candidate: java for java java retries . java . . java . retries java . . java . retries java . . java . retries java . . java . retries
Reference: parses the value as an rfc 822 date / time .
Candidate: constructs a date from the date .
Reference: test sorts when there ' s nothing in the index
Candidate: asserts that two bunch higher with two two two higher two higher index together with larger larger larger larger larger larger larger larger larger larger larger larger larger larger larger
Reference: validates all resources in a given model , which is expected to be the default graph of a given dataset .
Candidate: load the files of files with the given of files in by the given of files .
Reference: adds specified annotation to the end of annotations array and tagged it . may be used in chain .
Candidate: return the annotation of annotation annotation annotation annotation .
Reference: finds the preferred idp from the httpservletrequest .
Candidate: returns the session id .
Reference: verify whether directory already exists or not . if it is not there create one .
Candidate: delete directory directory .
Reference: assert the specified values have been received in the declared order . values storage should be enabled to use this method .
Candidate: assert the specified values have declared values values values values values values values values values values values values values values values values values values values values values values values values
Reference: we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
Candidate: we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
Reference: finds the position in the cursor of the event that best matches the time and id . it will try to find the event that has the specified id and
Candidate: returns a " - " " " - " - " " - " " " - " - " - " - " - " - " - "
Reference: prints a float followed by a newline .
Candidate: prints a string followed by a newline .
Reference: extracts a subregister ( like ax , al , ah ) from a parent register ( like eax )
Candidate: decode a value into a value into a value .
Reference: post processing on failed authentication .
Candidate: post processing on failed authentication .
Reference: build interceptors of method
Candidate: return a generator with a given date .
Reference: just used for like and not_like
Candidate: returns a string for a string .
Reference: scans the methods looking for ones annotated with the name annotation . when found ( if not excluded ) , invokes the method on each of the dataobjects and then
Candidate: utility method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method
Reference: remove all phi instructions from the ir .
Candidate: removes the given board from the given target row .
Reference: returns the number of times the token appears in the target .
Candidate: returns the number of times the token appears in the target .
Reference: builds the name map based on coverage goal stored as covered in each of the tests
Candidate: store all to store them to the store .
Reference: build interceptors of action
Candidate: performs a exception interceptor on a login .
Reference: check gml footprint validity
Candidate: check gml footprint validity validity
Reference: creates a timetable ( network change events file )
Candidate: test the timetable ( )
Reference: compute probit ( inverse cdf ) for loggamma distributions .
Candidate: compute probit ( ) for expgamma distributions .
Reference: generate a pbe based key suitable for a mac algorithm , the key size is chosen according the mac size , or the hashing algorithm , whichever is greater .
Candidate: generate a pbe based suitable for key , mac size of the mac size is chosen according to mac size , whichever is greater .
Reference: the quick assist assistant .
Candidate: quick assist assistant .
Reference: writes a byte at the specified offset from this native object ' s base address .
Candidate: stores the item value to byte buffer .
Reference: add a new validation error to the accumulating validation errors
Candidate: add a sequence to to the sequence of
Reference: parses a given option setting string to a map of settings .
Candidate: if the given url is a valid source string . < p / > note : we can remove a phi - as a newline - w - 5 -
Reference: generates client ' s credentials given the client ' s salt , identity and password
Candidate: returns the hash ' s secure .
Reference: build the underlying lucene suggester
Candidate: this method will be the ability to handle a suggester
Reference: loads the given json data and start the tour
Candidate: the the processing for the processing .
Reference: create a connection to the jmx agent and setup the m [ x ] bean proxies .
Candidate: create the setup number of proxies for jmx bean agent ] proxies bean .
Reference: runs a test which serializes and deserializes random word values .
Candidate: if the and returns the if it was been and was
Reference: registers a listener to receive events .
Candidate: adds a listener to the list of listeners .
Reference: create a name for a message according to < a href = " http : / / cr . yp . to / proto / maildir . html " /
Candidate: sends the and decode the for the server and the server and column for the server
Reference: clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above
Candidate: clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above
Reference: handles a ' click ' on the plot by updating the anchor values . . .
Candidate: restore a charset click updating on the source param .
Reference: the osrbarrier instruction is not in ir , so the bc index was not adjusted in osr_adjustbcindex .
Candidate: completes the properties of hadoop call .
Reference: used to have some meaningful info on this object mostly used for beanshell
Candidate: don ' t have used in this class .
Reference: returns a copy of the vector , with an empty bit range inserted at the specified location .
Candidate: grow the given offset indicated .
Reference: creates a unique new temporary directory under " java . io . tmpdir " .
Candidate: creates a unique directory under " java . io . tmpdir " .
Reference: ensures that all auth sources have auth data ( e . g . access tokens , etc . ) that matches this user .
Candidate: copies all the keys in the preferences .
Reference: creates an element in the xml encryption specification namespace .
Candidate: creates an xml signature in the xml namespace .
Reference: move all views remaining in mactiveviews to mscrapviews .
Candidate: move all views remaining in mactiveviews to mscrapviews .
Reference: draw wind on loading animation
Candidate: draw wind on loading animation
Reference: checks if we have proxy configuration settings in the properties .
Candidate: checks if we have the properties have been selected properties .
Reference: check if the expression is equal to its default static value
Candidate: tests whether the current attribute is signed or
Reference: parse key - value pairs to map , ignore empty key
Candidate: parse key - value pairs to map , ignore empty key
Reference: use onsizechanged instead of onattachedtowindow to get the dimensions of the view , because this method is called after measuring the dimensions of match_parent & wrap_content . use this dimensions
Candidate: use onsizechanged instead of onattachedtowindow to get the dimensions of the view , because this method is called after measuring the dimensions of match_parent & wrap_content . use this dimensions
Reference: makes a new buffer available either by allocating a new one or re - cycling an existing one .
Candidate: makes a new buffer available either by allocating a new one or re - cycling an existing one .
Reference: creates a new websiteaddress from | originorhostorpattern | .
Candidate: creates a new websiteaddress from | originorhostorpattern .
Reference: test verifies that no files are found using a guarenteed unique basename .
Candidate: attempts to release all services can needed file can be necessary needed file exist .
Reference: resets the pending rams list .
Candidate: resets the extreme gravity psr list .
Reference: add the pad bytes to the passed in block , returning the number of bytes added .
Candidate: add the pad bytes to the passed in block , returning the number of bytes added .
Reference: add a collection of commands to the page list . this is probably invoked as the result of an xobject ' do ' command , or through a type 3
Candidate: render the many - 1 if the given page .
Reference: returns a string representation of the system .
Candidate: returns a string representation of this vector .
Reference: adds a sequence of statements to the end of this sequence when the sequence object is not null , otherwise does nothing .
Candidate: add statements field at this end of the statements when there is statements statements statements statements statements statements statements statements statements statements statements statements statements statements statements statements statements statements
Reference: call back from service to activity
Candidate: call get the state from the radio listener .
Reference: sensitivity in percent to a percent change in the underlying spot price .
Candidate: sensitivity to the the time in the to the the time . the time time sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity
Reference: reads the contents of httpentity into a byte [ ] .
Candidate: reads the contents of httpentity into a byte [ ] .
Reference: returns the first foo in the ordered set where uuid = & # 63 ; .
Candidate: returns the first foo in the ordered set where uuid = & # 63 ; .
Reference: static method to round a float value to the number of decimal places defined by decimal_places .
Candidate: convert a magnitude to decibels
Reference: this runner needs runner options ( user configurations ) and environment name ( inputted by user ) . it analyzes all given information and get necessary information .
Candidate: pushes a component to its drop template . note that will be handled in its name .
Reference: returns a string describing this result producer
Candidate: returns a string describing classifier
Reference: is operating system windows me ?
Candidate: is operating system windows 98 ?
Reference: converts the input to a string with special missing value handling
Candidate: attempts to a trailing a date formatted string trailing trailing trailing trailing trailing trailing trailing trailing trailing trailing trailing trailing trailing trailing trailing trailing trailing trailing trailing trailing trailing trailing
Reference: computes and returns the pixel size of the given component using the given form specification , measures , and cell size .
Candidate: converts the size of size of the size of size , and returns the size of size of size of size of size of size of size of size of
Reference: start up this replica , which possibly requires heavy copying of files from the primary node , if we were down for a long time
Candidate: writes the number of all the the from the log file . the number of the number of the number can the number of the number can the number of
Reference: checks if ielementtype of both nodes are the same . returns false if either are null .
Candidate: allows fixme the given node as represented by node node .
Reference: read one log message from log file
Candidate: parse the line from the reader .
Reference: appends this node ' s text content to the given builder .
Candidate: appends the contents of the buffer of the string .
Reference: checks if a response message contains a body .
Candidate: checks if a response message contains a body .
Reference: loads the database from the given input stream .
Candidate: loads the database from the given database .
Reference: cast a long value to a string
Candidate: cast a string cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast
Reference: resets this stream to the beginning of the source string .
Candidate: resets the state to the next reset stream .
Reference: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Candidate: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Reference: implements inputstream . read ( int ) in terms of inputstream . read ( byte [ ] , int , int ) . inputstream assumes that you implement inputstream .
Candidate: implements inputstream read ( byte [ ] int ) . inputstream assumes that you implement inputstream .
Reference: writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding for the vm .
Candidate: writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding for the vm .
Reference: checks if the identity provider is configured for proxying the authentication requests for a requesting service provider .
Candidate: returns a object object .
Reference: creates a copy of rules . pl and compiles it into java sources .
Candidate: test the we is the write suite .
Reference: remove all of the listeners
Candidate: remove all of the listeners .
Reference: create a selectioninputdialog whose combobox can be editable .
Candidate: create a selectioninputdialog whose combobox can be editable .
Reference: build the underlying lucene suggester
Candidate: this will return the result of the suggester
Reference: convert a " . " - based fully qualified class name to a " / " - based resource path .
Candidate: converts a class name to a fully - qualified class name . name .
Reference: creates a new uri instance of the given unencoded component parts .
Candidate: creates a new uri instance of the given unencoded component parts .
Reference: adds the specified solution to the population , returning its assigned identifier .
Candidate: adds an identifier to the specified solution .
Reference: creates a newly allocated byte array . its size is the current size of this output stream and the valid contents of the buffer have been copied into it .
Candidate: gets the hash of bytes stored in this byte buffer .
Reference: create a disk in the specified project .
Candidate: creates a project that can be invoked by a project tenant .
Reference: performs domain - match as described in the netscape draft .
Candidate: returns true if the password domain is a valid domain address .
Reference: disables all the attribute change notifications the attribute name of which equals the specified attribute name to be sent to the listener . < br > if the specified name
Candidate: removes the specified object from the specified deterministic .
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table department
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table user_roles
Reference: generates the instruction to push a handle on the stack .
Candidate: push the instruction to the stack .
Reference: generate the multi - part post body providing the parameters and boundary string
Candidate: extracts the parameter body from the given parameters .
Reference: lookup a string key in the standard key sets .
Candidate: returns a string between the given key and the strings and int if the given key is available .
Reference: assert that the expected portchangeevents have been recevied , asserting the expected ordering . all events in earlyevents have to appear in actualevents before any event in lateevent appears .
Candidate: assert that the expected portchangeevents have been recevied , asserting the expected ordering in any event .
Reference: custom serializer . follows kryo ' s stringarrayserializer example .
Candidate: writes an object to the underlying output stream .
Reference: * public properties *
Candidate: let the optional of google purposes .
Reference: decodes octets to characters using the utf - 8 decoding and appends the characters to a stringbuffer .
Candidate: reads an unsigned byte buffer into a byte buffer .
Reference: construct a vector by appending one vector to another vector .
Candidate: construct a vector from a vector part of .
Reference: reverses ongoing animations or starts pending animations in reverse . note : only works of all animations are valueanimators .
Candidate: reverses ongoing animations or starts pending animations in reverse . < p > note : all animations are valueanimators .
Reference: start address book monitoring
Candidate: does the the of the the
Reference: support for reporting changes for constrained integer properties . this method can be called before a constrained property will be changed and it will send the appropriate propertychangeevent to any
Candidate: support for reporting a constrained property from the given propertychangeevent to any changes . if any can be called in the
Reference: correctness test for the dirichlet lm model .
Candidate: correctness test correctness of the jelinek - mercer lm model .
Reference: called when the sinks found by the media route provider for the particular | sourceurn | have changed .
Candidate: add a new unmanagedvolume to the given flot - map .
Reference: converts the passed dto to a user . convenient for query by example .
Candidate: return the new nickname to the user representing the user . the user will return the integrated poi wrapped .
Reference: generates the statement to drop a foreignkey constraint from the database using an alter table statement .
Candidate: adds a unique vars for oracle for the lists .
Reference: locks the file , with a timeout ( non - blocking ) .
Candidate: blocking blocking ( blocking ) locks until the non blocking ) . blocking ) . blocking ) . blocking ) . blocking ) . blocking ) . blocking ) .
Reference: create a header which points to the given data object .
Candidate: shows the removal armor removal .
Reference: given a list of action - target files , returns all the files that should be subject to the action does not keep directories , but recursively adds directory contents
Candidate: recursively find the path of the path path for the path path .
Reference: updates a particle position
Candidate: updates a particle position
Reference: updates the tick labels .
Candidate: updates the availability of the .
Reference: allows to answer if particular visual position belongs to visual rectangle identified by the given visual position of its top - left and bottom - right corners .
Candidate: determines whether the data has been marked onto the .
Reference: validates that the same statements are found in each of the statement indices .
Candidate: test the we need to test to the end of a hit [ ] , we need to batch a batch of 0 .
Reference: request to display a new badge over the passed menu item id
Candidate: adds a menu item panel .
Reference: put an option integer value .
Candidate: removes the option option option option option option option option option option option option option option option option option option option option option option option option option option option option
Reference: figure out what the target page would be given current scroll and velocity .
Candidate: create a position to create a position .
Reference: converts a given cell to a string ; no alignment considered .
Candidate: decodes the specified value to the specified value .
Reference: clone the input vector so that this vector has the same values .
Candidate: computes the clone of this vector .
Reference: disables bluetooth and checks to make sure that bluetooth was turned off and that the correct actions were broadcast .
Candidate: checks to the the remote devices and checks that checks to make the does not throw the right .
Reference: converts the given glob pattern into a regular expression .
Candidate: convert a a into a glob .
Reference: should the data of this tile be forced to case no data loss . this information is not relevant in all cases that it is ignored by default .
Candidate: this method is called by the default value to tweak targetmbpersec .
Reference: does not take into account escaped separators
Candidate: convert a string into a string string .
Reference: find the points the ir where live ranges should be split .
Candidate: registers live operands for exit operands from basicblockpair to a registers registers registers registers registers registers registers registers registers registers registers registers registers registers registers registers registers registers registers registers
Reference: test split of escaped semicolons .
Candidate: test the second test .
Reference: removes the object at the source array offset and copies all other objects to the destination array
Candidate: inserts the object at the specified offset
Reference: open the database if it exists or create it if it doesn ' t . additionally checks if the table exists and creates it if it doesn ' t .
Candidate: create a new used to create a new in a database .
Reference: check if the tab is associated with an activity that hasn ' t been destroyed . this catches situations where a documentactivity is no longer listed in android ' s
Candidate: check if the tab hasn ' t have an associated with catches situations where the documentactivity hasn ' t been destroyed . if catches situations where the documentactivity is no
Reference: create a new http stream .
Candidate: push the contents of the stream .
Reference: when a file is found , add it .
Candidate: checks whether the file file is identified by a file .
Reference: peeks the next char , without gobbling it . tells us if it ' s a digit or not .
Candidate: returns true if the password is a digit .
Reference: construct the initial partial hull .
Candidate: construct a partial hull .
Reference: add a callback to be invoked when a swipe event is sent to this view .
Candidate: add a callback to be invoked when a swipe event is sent to this view .
Reference: reads a short ( 16 bit ) from the source stream .
Candidate: reads a short ( 16 bit ) from the source stream .
Reference: prints the string representation of the specified integer to the target .
Candidate: the number of number of the number of the line number of the number of number of the challenge .
Reference: creates a proximity browsing node .
Candidate: selects a node function a node function a node function a node function a node function a node function a node function a node function a node node a node
Reference: looks at the varray to see if zoning is disabled , and looks to make sure that there is at least one active networksystem registered .
Candidate: determines if the device purchase parameters with the passed device parameters in the device parameter .
Reference: sends a reply to an incoming stream .
Candidate: sends a reply to an incoming stream .
Reference: initializes a ccanimation with a name , delay and an array of ccspriteframes .
Candidate: create a new message containing a number of an initial identifier .
Reference: navigate to root node of currently active dump
Candidate: populate operand tree operand navigate map
Reference: add a list of new messages to the end of the current message list .
Candidate: creates a list of messages in the of the panels .
Reference: makes a random cache entry .
Candidate: makes a random cache entry .
Reference: display the current render surface .
Candidate: help the the drag state .
Reference: constructs a list of window of size windowsize . note that padding for each window is created as well .
Candidate: constructs a list of window of size windowsize . note that padding for each window window .
Reference: draws the unit text in the center of the pie chart makes most sense when center - hole is enabled
Candidate: draw the http from the given .
Reference: creates a path using the provided jsonpath structure .
Candidate: creates a using the provided jsonpath structure .
Reference: take the vector of frames , and group them into boundary rectangles , represented by groups . if dchum is present , all frames get placed in their own group
Candidate: groups a a number of frames .
Reference: underlying implementation of add ( array , index , element ) methods . the last parameter is the class , which may not equal element . getclass for primitives .
Candidate: add a element array for the last index index . .
Reference: get the double value corresponding to the instance .
Candidate: returns the double value of a double .
Reference: converts the matrix into a single line matlab string : matrix is enclosed by parentheses , rows are separated by semicolon and single cells by blanks , e . g
Candidate: computes the random number of each row .
Reference: constructs a new binaryfile with the specified file as the input . the default byte - order is lsb first . reads start at the first byte of the file
Candidate: constructs a new binaryfile of the specified file . if the contents of the is lsb the first of the
Reference: create an object output stream for this path .
Candidate: creates a file for calling this method .
Reference: get the set of keys for resident entries .
Candidate: returns the set of keys . resident entries .
Reference: calculate matrix for fit_center
Candidate: calculate matrix for fit_center
Reference: this method allows to add a candidate for the signing certificate .
Candidate: adds the ondismisswrapper to a list folder .
Reference: adds a policy listener that would be notified whenever a policy is added , removed or changed
Candidate: collect a policy properties .
Reference: verify the code associated
Candidate: this a discovery is by the given username .
Reference: returns a new scripting engine for the scripting language identified by the file name extension .
Candidate: returns a new scripting language identified for the specified scripting language .
Reference: returns the raw module with the given id .
Candidate: creates a new module for a module .
Reference: extract type - checked value from an argument list using the specified type check and extraction function
Candidate: internal function to extract the given arguments in the specified order .
Reference: obtains a local date in japanese calendar system from the proleptic - year and day - of - year fields . < p > the day - of - year
Candidate: returns the date of japanese calendar year of this year . < p - > this method
Reference: recovers entry associated with given alias .
Candidate: exports a pair from the given object .
Reference: creates a class loader with the given base url as its classpath .
Candidate: returns a - from the given .
Reference: min ( ) for unequal bigdecimals
Candidate: max ( ) for unequal bigdecimals
Reference: create a new smtp server with this class as the listener . the default port is 25 . call setport ( ) / sethostname ( ) before calling start (
Candidate: creates a new provider definition .
Reference: concatenates elements to an int array .
Candidate: concatenates an elements to an end of an array .
Reference: change camera position horizontally ( left or right ) .
Candidate: move camera position vertically within the camera range up down within the camera & lt ; position .
Reference: decodes base64 data into octects
Candidate: decodes base64 data into octects
Reference: shut down the health checker .
Candidate: cleans up the scheduler .
Reference: resets the builder to its initial , empty state .
Candidate: resets to empty builder to its initial state .
Reference: deflate current sam line by replacing all fields that equalovershorterofboth previous line by an ampersand
Candidate: deflate the sam line by replacing all line of the current passed by replacing the contents of the current line ( e .
Reference: determines which index to use as the splitting index for the vp radius
Candidate: returns the number of the the given number of the .
Reference: send an error log message
Candidate: send an error log message
Reference: register for notification on changes to specific types
Candidate: add an addresslistener . addresslisteners are notified when the user selects a new address acquired when a list of acquired events .
Reference: recursive remove all from directory
Candidate: cleans a directory without deleting it .
Reference: go through all candidates for entries involved in transaction and find their min version . we know that these candidates will commit after this transaction , and therefore we can
Candidate: checks if the is removed .
Reference: la stringa contiene il value del field di cui bisogna fare il parsing per estrarre valore e unita ' di misura
Candidate: constructs a new field value . note that the encoder that will be the default value .
Reference: characters read from xml are assigned to a variable , based on the current m_context . no checks are being done , it is assumed that the context is correct
Candidate: receive notification of the inside element .
Reference: computes standard deviation for given instance , without transforming target back into original space .
Candidate: calculate the distribution with the given of the programming algorithm .
Reference: sub - classes can override to initialize other properties .
Candidate: provides the prior to the prior to the prior to initialize the default configuration .
Reference: inserts the specified element at the specified position in this list . shifts the element currently at that position ( if any ) and any subsequent elements to the right
Candidate: adds the specified at the specified position in increasing the list . shifts the large position .
Reference: create a single datastore to handle provided managers within a single transaction .
Candidate: create a new event .
Reference: general method for matching raw name pattern . checks whether current pattern is prefix of name provided item .
Candidate: tests if the start of a a start is a .
Reference: returns a value if that value is not null , or a specified default value otherwise .
Candidate: converts a value to a boolean value .
Reference: compare the incoming tuple with the last received message in kafka .
Candidate: fill the contents of the head of the array .
Reference: render the track and car
Candidate: render the track and car
Reference: converts a time string into a java . sql . time
Candidate: converts a java sql string into a sql java . sql . .
Reference: called internally to fill the given menu .
Candidate: add the menu menu .
Reference: compute the cross - track distance . xtd = asin ( sin ( dist_sq ) * sin ( crs_sq - crs_se ) )
Candidate: calculates the distance ( or ' distance ' the track of the track ) .
Reference: returns an alias to authenticate the server side of a secure socket given the public key type and the list of certificate issuer authorities recognized by the peer ( if
Candidate: choose a certificate alias to authenticate with the specified public key and the socket if the socket side of an secure certificate . if the socket is recognized the peer
Reference: probability density function of the gamma distribution
Candidate: returns the probability distribution with the distribution .
Reference: invoice batch line - charge . - updates priceentered from charge calles tax
Candidate: updates from the invoice calles tax .
Reference: does the actual parsing
Candidate: create a new version of addressed . this is used to do nothing .
Reference: brokera - > brokerb < - brokerc
Candidate: brokera - > brokerb - > brokerc
Reference: writes the wbxml to stream .
Candidate: forces the buffered data to the output stream .
Reference: discards any active baggage currently in this thread
Candidate: cancel a task from the cancel .
Reference: produces either one or two tokens from the given leaf which represents a location where the production parser inserted a semicolon .
Candidate: adds a key from a input or not deleted .
Reference: writes this packet to the given buffer
Candidate: returns an array of the target stream .
Reference: registers a file type .
Candidate: asserts all given of the given of the given tables are given of the given context .
Reference: parses an integer based on locale conventions
Candidate: encode the number of the jdk id .
Reference: returns requestsecuritytokenresponse object based on the xml document received from server . this method is used primarily at the client side . the schema of the xml document is defined
Candidate: this method is used to xml string to reconstruct the xml document based on the xml document . this method is used primarily at the xml document . the xml
Reference: request resources for running container processes .
Candidate: add a new to s list
Reference: add to result collection only items witch suits player ' s level
Candidate: convert the given collection into a collection of items .
Reference: utility method for formatting using the d conversion character .
Candidate: utility method formatting formatting for formatting using the formatting formatting formatting formatting formatting formatting formatting formatting formatting formatting formatting formatting formatting formatting formatting formatting formatting formatting formatting formatting formatting formatting
Reference: visualize node ' s location , radio ranges and connections
Candidate: a a basic of the layout of the annotation .
Reference: returns the index of the largest value in an array that is less than ( or optionally equal to ) a specified key . < p > the search is
Candidate: returns an index of the largest value in the array that is less than or optionally equal to the specified key . < p > the search is
Reference: add a single symbol to the set .
Candidate: if the state is a single symbol .
Reference: replaces unprintable characters by their escaped ( or unicode escaped ) equivalents in the given string
Candidate: replaces unprintable characters by their escaped ( or unicode escaped ) equivalents in the given string
Reference: return the list size
Candidate: returns the element of the given position .
Reference: determine whether the plane intersects another plane within the bounds provided .
Candidate: checks if the given points represents a given bounds of bounds .
Reference: decode a base64 string into a long value .
Candidate: decode a base64 string into a long value .
Reference: returns the smallest ( " bottom " ) n values in the column
Candidate: returns the smallest column ( n ) values in the smallest " "
Reference: calculate the hub score of a page by summing the authority scores of that page ' s outlinks .
Candidate: increments the current stats for the current stats for the current time , and increments the stats prediction for the current time at the current time and increments the stats
Reference: ends the print job and does any necessary cleanup .
Candidate: closes the quit , and shuts and shuts and shuts and shuts and shuts and shuts and shuts and shuts . shuts . shuts . shuts . shuts . shuts
Reference: brows the files for the specific path
Candidate: copies the provided and the the provided key and the the provided key and the provided key and the provided key and the provided key and < p > the
Reference: add a string to the end of the buffer .
Candidate: append a string to the end of the output stream .
Reference: pass in the selection . < ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
Candidate: deletes the node from with the specified id .
Reference: unwraps user data to the application buffer .
Candidate: unwraps user data to the application buffer .
Reference: 5 . [ specified ] a flag indicating whether this attribute was actually specified in the start - tag of its element , or was defaulted from the dtd .
Candidate: cancel the specified tag [ ] . see if the tag tag was specified tag [ ] [ [ ] , or [ ] .
Reference: checks whether the provider may be changed using permission ' currenttime . setprovider ' .
Candidate: checks whether the user has permission ' convertermanager . alterinstantconverters ' .
Reference: stores password into shared state map . this method may be called after successful authentication by each individual module .
Candidate: validates that the attributes identified by the specified key ! ' s password .
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table comment
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table user_roles
Reference: deletes the specified child node of this node , if it exists .
Candidate: performs a directory for its state . < p > if the is is a a state of a backup state .
Reference: adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in
Candidate: adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in
Reference: float value of a small positive bigdecimal
Candidate: float value of a small positive bigdecimal
Reference: awaits for successful process termination , as well as successful termination of reader threads , throws an exception otherwise ( and destroys the process ) .
Candidate: starts the best reachable down after this call made reachable reachable reachable reachable reachable reachable reachable reachable reachable reachable reachable reachable reachable reachable reachable reachable reachable reachable reachable reachable reachable
Reference: called from expandometaclasscreationhandle in the registry if it exists to set up inheritance handling
Candidate: clears the list of all pages .
Reference: parses a string to find placeholders of format $ { placeholder } . < p > example : " my $ { thing } is $ { color } "
Candidate: parses a string from the given string .
Reference: marks the relation as canceled and invokes the the handler ' s failed ( ) method .
Candidate: tests throws exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception
Reference: routes a single get request .
Candidate: does part of dopost ( ) .
Reference: change the state of an annotation document . used to re - open closed documents
Candidate: this the given value of the given element .
Reference: disconnects this vertex from an edge .
Candidate: removes an graph from the graph graph .
Reference: if this component is focused this method is invoked when the user presses and holds the key
Candidate: add a key to keystroke .
Reference: returns true if at there exists at least one descendant whose identifier matches the regular expression pattern , and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if the given node is at least one of descendant , such as the descendant descendant
Reference: writes a given number of bytes to a file .
Candidate: writes a given bytes to a given file .
Reference: generate data files whose names are included in sun . text . resources . breakiteratorinfo + < localename >
Candidate: re - - returns the given of the given file given returns true if the given does not returns the
Reference: check whether the given object is a cglib proxy .
Candidate: tells whether the obj represents obj around obj around default system msg obj around obj around obj around obj around obj around obj around obj around obj around default system
Reference: first , un - rotate image and crop rectangles ( make image rectangle axis - aligned ) . second , calculate deltas between those rectangles sides . third , depending
Candidate: crop un - rotate image axis , aligned , calculate deltas between those rectangles sides .
Reference: tests fix for bug # 10630 , statement . getwarnings ( ) fails with npe if statement has been closed .
Candidate: preparedstatement for the server connection for server tests for bug server - preparedstatement for bug information for bug - connection descriptor for this class .
Reference: checks repeated boolean field equality ; null - value and 0 - length fields are considered equal .
Candidate: checks repeated int field equality ; null fields are considered equal .
Reference: bring the given annotation to the front . that annotation will be drawn over all other annotations as well as recieve events first .
Candidate: brings the resources as the as well as the other resources know resources resources as resources as resources as resources as resources as resources as resources as resources as resources
Reference: adds an image to the animation with the specified duration ( time to display the image ) .
Candidate: move a frame to a real animation .
Reference: builds a string denoting an ascii - encoded ion string , with double - quotes surrounding a single unicode code point .
Candidate: utility function to handle a java . .
Reference: mark file we just uploaded for cleanup later . we do not immediately delete the file for testing reasons , but if marking the file fails , we do delete
Candidate: clears the size size and clears the size size .
Reference: start ssl shutdown process .
Candidate: shutdown start shutdown shutdown .
Reference: creates a centered bitmap of the desired size .
Candidate: loads a bitmap from the given width . height .
Reference: write the pkginfo file into the application bundle
Candidate: verifies that all persisted settings files that are needed .
Reference: returns an array holding the collected events .
Candidate: return an collection collection collection and an event .
Reference: decode this set of pkcs9 attributes from the contents of its der encoding . ignores unsupported attributes when directed .
Candidate: create the extension object from the extension object .
Reference: process an attribute string of type t_prefixlist into a vector of prefixes that may be resolved to urls .
Candidate: process an attribute string of type t_urllist into a vector of prefixes that may be resolved to urls .
Reference: creates a deep clone of this
Candidate: returns a deep copy that provides a same that provides a same that provides that have a same same same same same same same same same same same same same
Reference: dump a long value into a stringbuilder .
Candidate: dump the raw value into a stringbuilder .
Reference: simulate keyboard to type out a special character . there are only several special characters supported .
Candidate: checks whether the type character is alphabetic defined in default type ( default type ) .
Reference: helper method to check for equality between two object , including null checks .
Candidate: tests the values for equality .
Reference: returns true if the given mime type has an entry in the map .
Candidate: returns true if the given mime type has an entry in the map .
Reference: returns an iterable that skips forward to a given notification id then only returns count more notifications . if the given notification id is not found
Candidate: computes the policy of the policy by this object .
Reference: using the given pdxwriter , write out the relevant fields for the object instance passed in .
Candidate: returns true if the given message to the completed completed .
Reference: write byte to buffer .
Candidate: write a byte buffer to the buffer buffer .
Reference: helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
Candidate: helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
Reference: is queue is empty
Candidate: is empty queue queue is empty .
Reference: creates a viterbipoint for the given item . a typical item of choice is a segment item .
Candidate: creates an adapter adapter item .
Reference: draws the bottom edge of the border around the content area . draw broken line if selected tab is visible and adjacent to content and tabplacement is same as painted
Candidate: draws the tab around the border line . draw the border area if the edge is selected draw broken the adjacent effect around the same border .
Reference: emits an add method to add to a list . if the list is null , it is created .
Candidate: emits a put method to add a map into a map . if the map is null , it is created .
Reference: parse a pkcs1 pem encoded rsa public key into the modulus / exponent components and construct a new rsapublickey
Candidate: javax . .
Reference: take a publisher and prepare to consume it on parallallism number of ' rails ' , possibly ordered and round - robin fashion .
Candidate: take a publisher and prepare the consume it ' parallallism number of ' rails ' a round - robin fashion .
Reference: returns the next recurrence of this rule .
Candidate: returns the recurrence rule the recurrence .
Reference: add a single var to the queue
Candidate: selects all preference sharing preference preference preference .
Reference: given a possibly abbreviated url ( missing a protocol name , typically ) , this method ' s job is to transform that url into a canonical form , by
Candidate: constructs a new version of a string .
Reference: read the contents of a file in / proc / [ pid ] / [ filename ] .
Candidate: read a string from the specified file .
Reference: calculates the animation duration given the | initialvelocity | and a desired | displacement | .
Candidate: calculates the given duration of the given initialvelocity the desired initialvelocity and the desired animation .
Reference: shows user home points page .
Candidate: shows user home page articles page .
Reference: returns the norm l2 . sqrt ( sum_i ( v_i ^ 2 ) )
Candidate: compute unscaled norm in a range of n .
Reference: determines the height of this view
Candidate: determines the height of this view
Reference: arranges the components of the specified container according to this layout .
Candidate: arranges the components according to the specified layout .
Reference: unlocks to allow both puts and takes .
Candidate: unlocks to allow both puts and takes .
Reference: inserts a byte array
Candidate: inserts a array of the data .
Reference: the mean of the values in the double array
Candidate: compute the fitness of nonzero arithmetic mutual arithmetic objects in this function .
Reference: used internally to create common functions between motion and stationary sprite .
Candidate: called to add a position to left to position to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to
Reference: closes the output stream .
Candidate: closes the current output stream .
Reference: creates a sync token , and converts any thrown exceptions to runtimeexceptions so it can be used for static fields .
Candidate: creates a string for a given string .
Reference: returns true if a and b are equal or are both null .
Candidate: returns true if two objects are equal .
Reference: init performs the initial read of values from etcd .
Candidate: converts all account to account .
Reference: close inputstream without a exception
Candidate: close inputstream without a exception
Reference: throws a bunch of random numbers between [ 0 , 1 ] at the monitor .
Candidate: ensures that the largest value or greater than or equal to or
Reference: returns a string with all occurrences of oldchar replaced by newstr
Candidate: copy the string with the specified character .
Reference: this method is invoked when the user clicks on create challan from menu tree
Candidate: this is returned when the is is returned on the
Reference: apply the distributive rule x & ( y | z ) = = x & y | x & z to simplify the intersection to a canonical form with no
Candidate: this method to convert the string to the string to to be in or not or not or not or not or not or not or not or not or
Reference: start the application in browser to see the url or choose by other application to view this uri
Candidate: installs the intent for the user
Reference: wait to see * all * cores live and active .
Candidate: returns constructing a given table table given key - given key - given key - given key - given key - given key - given key - given key -
Reference: adds the specified object at the end of this vector .
Candidate: adds the specified object at the end of this vector .
Reference: calculate matrix for fit_center
Candidate: calculate matrix for fit_center
Reference: uses a field in the volume to determine if the volume is an rp volume . best to use a field that is set during placement / scheduling of the
Candidate: check the contents for the given .
Reference: constructs an external problem using the specified process .
Candidate: reads the error to to the process .
Reference: split a file into a list of directories ending with the file name
Candidate: returns the list of the file .
Reference: parses a stsd atom ( defined in 14496 - 12 ) .
Candidate: create an create from an create an image .
Reference: returns true if taxa are all found in availabletaxa
Candidate: returns whether the given as far as a given as the given as a given as the given as the given as the given as the given as the given
Reference: draws the text of a label
Candidate: draws a text of the label
Reference: indicates whether this map layer has any map objects .
Candidate: returns true values to attach values to the values values .
Reference: runs the commands that have been queued up .
Candidate: invoked when the throwable has been pushed after the suppressed action in the action .
Reference: print the thread roots and return them for processing .
Candidate: resolves an object object .
Reference: internal : process an attribute override for either an embedded object mapping , or an element collection mapping containing embeddable objects .
Candidate: if prevent the specified armeria , but if it is already been set , but do not set for the set of parent . if there is above , then
Reference: returns the minimum dimensions needed to layout the components contained in the specified target container .
Candidate: returns the dimensions of the specified dimensions dimensions dimensions dimensions dimensions dimensions dimensions dimensions dimensions the specified dimensions .
Reference: will check if a given resource was changed and will invoke the appropriate callback .
Candidate: add a point to the timeouts , if no taken from the .
Reference: creates a telurl based on given uri string . the scheme or ' + ' should not be included in the phonenumber string argument .
Candidate: creates a telurl based on the given string .
Reference: creates a classification model .
Candidate: creates a binary tree .
Reference: restart the cfml engine
Candidate: attempts to determine whether see whether we can be used in the resultset in the html panes .
Reference: constructs a new sorter
Candidate: reverses ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` `
Reference: obtains the string representation of this object .
Candidate: obtains the string representation of this object .
Reference: probability density function of the wald distribution .
Candidate: pdf of the pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf
Reference: read short , 16 - bits . like datainputstream . readshort except little endian .
Candidate: read a 32 bits . datainputstream datainputstream datainputstream . readshort except little endian .
Reference: generate the format associated to the codec name
Candidate: generate a codec format .
Reference: receive notification of an xml comment anywhere in the document . this callback will be used for comments inside or outside the document element , including comments in the external
Candidate: receive notification of an xml comment anywhere in the document element . this callback will be used outside
Reference: returns the maximum element of this stream according to the provided key extractor function . < p > this is a terminal operation .
Candidate: returns the minimum element of this stream according to the provided key extractor function . < p > this is a terminal operation .
Reference: find the oldest entry whose commit counter is lte the specified commit counter .
Candidate: ensures that all the are not have been created . this method does not have not yet already in the case of the first is returned .
Reference: starts the underlying animator for a set of properties . we use a single animator that simply runs from 0 to 1 , and then use that fractional value to
Candidate: starts a underlying animator that we use a single animator that simply animator that runs of the animator that simply simply 1 that simply simply simply simply simply simply simply
Reference: write exception throw in log
Candidate: log throwable mechanism for throwable throwable throwable as throwable throwable throwable as throwable throwable throwable as throwable throwable throwable as throwable throwable throwable as throwable throwable throwable as the logger
Reference: splits a qualified varname into two parts , a left and a right left will be the text before the first instance of ' . ' right will be everything
Candidate: produces a single of a single single character .
Reference: end housekeeping for a child thread managed by the launcher ' s housekeeping , but not spawned by the launcher itself , e . g . comet , websocket ,
Candidate: callback the launched thread ' s must be called by the other thread . e . g . comet , other spawning .
Reference: create management bean for jspace container .
Candidate: create management bean for jspace container .
Reference: update the data using values
Candidate: compresses the column of the table in the table .
Reference: stop the video fading timer .
Candidate: cancel the timer and indicate that it is no longer running .
Reference: deregisters a timeout event listener for timeout notification .
Candidate: removes a listener from the dispatcher .
Reference: process a package ' s genericpropertiescreator . props file
Candidate: ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' '
Reference: method to add table level lock if lock is not present for the table
Candidate: drop drop share details drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop
Reference: utility to grab a random element from an array of strings .
Candidate: generate a random list of the given string .
Reference: see checkers . types . qualifierhierarchy # updatemappingtomutableset ( qualifierhierarchy , map , object , annotationmirror ) ( not linked because it is in an independent project .
Candidate: adds a qualifier qualifier to the qualifier .
Reference: wait for a thread to join .
Candidate: update the row from the specified thread .
Reference: define a new local variable . merge entries where possible .
Candidate: checks if the specified of a i bean is a known to a e for a field . this is a known to use a negative to the i i
Reference: gets connection from a pool .
Candidate: initialize the connection connection drop connection .
Reference: tell the user of an error , and probably throw an exception .
Candidate: tell the user of an error , and probably throw an exception .
Reference: if button 1 is pressed , this is implemented to request focus on the associated text component , and to set the caret position . if the shift key is
Candidate: invoked whenever an mouse drop a mouse mouse an mouse mouse mouse takes an angle mouse mouse mouse mouse mouse mouse mouse mouse mouse mouse mouse mouse mouse mouse mouse
Reference: decode the base64 - encoded data in input and return the data in a new byte array . < p > the padding ' = ' characters at the end
Candidate: decode the base64 - encoded data in input and return the data in a new byte array . < p > the padding ' = ' characters at the end
Reference: allow an anonymous function to be declared and invoked
Candidate: tests the method of the returned multipart nodes returned by the tests .
Reference: returns the total key set of all scopes . this method violates the map contract by returning an unmodifiable set .
Candidate: this method will be used over the default value .
Reference: this will handle printing out a list of nodes . this can be useful for printing the content of an element that contains html , like " & lt ;
Candidate: helper method to write the elements to the output stream .
Reference: this api is to check whether the planning budget is available or not . for the amount passed if there is sufficient budget available api will return true . else
Candidate: changes an existing notification by this could true if an sync notification has been changed .
Reference: reduce a polynomial modulo another polynomial .
Candidate: find the within the given interface .
Reference: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Candidate: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Reference: returns a javascript representation of the character in a hex escaped format . although this is a rather specific method , it is made public because it is also used
Candidate: appends the given string to the buffer .
Reference: just a small method to show how many times each activity chain index was sampled . thie method is only needed during the development phase .
Candidate: let the sites in the log .
Reference: convenience method . turns the given enumeration of options into a vector .
Candidate: returns the the operator .
Reference: add the specified int token
Candidate: add the specified int token
Reference: split filters with two many value possibilities . for example , oracle cannot handle more than 1000 .
Candidate: returns the given by the given trigger
Reference: adds needed tags related to the data to the builder . when overriding sub - classes should call super first .
Candidate: add a content for the given .
Reference: sorts on the following : < p / > 1 . the integer used to uniquely identify the signature 2 . earliest start position 3 . earliest stop position
Candidate: check that two two locations based on two two lines .
Reference: helper method to load the build number from the androidmanifest .
Candidate: retrieve the result threshold
Reference: build a random left - regular bipartite graph of given left and right sizes .
Candidate: computes left left left left left left left left left left left left left left left left left left left left left left left left left left left left left
Reference: we only want the current page that is being shown to be focusable .
Candidate: we only want the current page that is being shown to be focusable .
Reference: configure request with standard headers
Candidate: handling ok if the connection is ok .
Reference: get the remainder in each loop it should be the last digit note that the map shall have 1 offset
Candidate: convert a sound for a to a string .
Reference: unescapes the character identified by the character or characters that immediately follow a backslash . the backslash ' \ ' should have already been read . this supports both unicode
Candidate: unescapes the character identified by the characters that follow immediately follow the backslash . the backslash ' \ ' should have already been read . this supports both unicode
Reference: packs using defaults settings .
Candidate: displays the provided input using the provided input .
Reference: creates a new instance .
Candidate: find the github and the the
Reference: converts the given double to a localized string version .
Candidate: converts a localized string to a localized string version .
Reference: implements the abstract method simulatemethod . it distributes the request to the corresponding methods by signatures .
Candidate: implements the abstract method simulatemethod . it distributes the request to the corresponding methods by signatures .
Reference: re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
Candidate: re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
Reference: return list of boxed longs as a primitive array .
Candidate: returns the array of the given array .
Reference: updates the state of the context menu depending on the state of the criterium tree .
Candidate: sets all mode for all buttons .
Reference: this test performs complex set of operations on store from multiple threads .
Candidate: tests to test that uses a test ; uses only tests that delegates only tests to tests that would tests to tests that would tests to tests that would tests
Reference: formats the list objects from the pokemodel into formatted strings that are easily readable .
Candidate: converts a string to comma separated string .
Reference: removes the specified listener from this communicatorserver . note that if the listener has been registered with different handback objects or notification filters , all entries corresponding to the listener
Candidate: mbeannotification support - delegates to broadcaster .
Reference: determines if a file is newer than another by comparing the timestamps and sizes . this heuristic is consisten with the behavior of rotating log files : at the instant
Candidate: length length length length of length .
Reference: cumprod , opcode : ucum * , dense input .
Candidate: cummin / cummax , opcode : ucummin / ucummax , dense input .
Reference: given a source directory and a list of modulespecs that possibly contain wildcards it returns a expanded list of modulespecs of modules that were actually found in the given source
Candidate: opens the list of the list of wildcards and returns the list of modules that would happen in the list directory
Reference: method generated by intellij idea gui designer > > > important ! ! < < < do not edit this method or call it in your code !
Candidate: this generated by intellij idea gui designer > > important ! < ! do not edit this method call !
Reference: this helper function will dump the actual error reports .
Candidate: creates a request request
Reference: parses the provided set of arguments and updates the information associated with this parser accordingly . default values for unspecified arguments may be read from the specified properties if any
Candidate: parse the values identified by the keywords and the values identified by the values identified by the values identified by the values identified by the values identified by the values
Reference: getissuernames ( ) method testing . tests if the method return null in the case of not specified issuers , if the returned collection corresponds to the specified issuers .
Candidate: getissuernames ( ) method testing . tests if the return null if the issuers corresponds if the specified issuers if the specified issuers if the specified issuers if the specified
Reference: generates initial checkpoint and instantiates iterators for shards .
Candidate: this a list of the given file to the given location .
Reference: creates a pooled xa data source .
Candidate: creates a pooled words .
Reference: convert radians to degrees , with error of less than 0 . 5 ulp
Candidate: quick sine x - standard error marker .
Reference: add a fixed view to appear at the top of the grid . if addheaderview is called more than once , the views will appear in the order they were
Candidate: add a fixed view to appear at the top of the grid . if addheaderview is called more than once , the views will appear in the order they were
Reference: return true if the local path is an absolute path .
Candidate: return true if the local path is an absolute path .
Reference: method called internally to prepare the map with fieldnames dynamically ( i . e field names can be verified depending upon the client )
Candidate: puts a map into a map .
Reference: get the template at the given position .
Candidate: gets the number of specifiers .
Reference: defines an advanced crafting recipe , using a format string .
Candidate: asserts that the given number contains within the correct number of within within within within within within within within within within within within within within within within within the correct
Reference: writes & lt ; tag & gt ; value & lt ; / tag & gt ; to output stream
Candidate: writes tag & lt tag & tag tag & tag tag & tag tag & tag tag & tag tag & tag tag & tag tag & tag tag &
Reference: write the given bytes to the encoder / decoder .
Candidate: write the given bytes to the encoder / decoder .
Reference: a general connection method that returns a socket for a host and port .
Candidate: connect to the server server . port server . server . server . server . server . server .
Reference: signify that this batch of input to the filter is finished . output ( ) may now be called to retrieve the filtered instances .
Candidate: try to generate the contents of the and return the list too and then return the too and then return the too and then return the too and then return
Reference: called when some fundamental parameters change . < p > each projection will decide how to respond to this change . for instance , they may need to recalculate "
Candidate: add the incoming settings variables and the same result .
Reference: configures the http client .
Candidate: this method will be called by a one of this method .
Reference: read and parse file
Candidate: parses the module and module .
Reference: skip the dataset tests for now until we can figure out what is wrong with them . fixme fix the dataset tests . there is some problem in how the
Candidate: returns the test for the given genericpropertiescreator test .
Reference: update static data from xml file
Candidate: load the objects from the specified object .
Reference: create an omraster , lat / lon with x / y placement with an imageicon .
Candidate: create an omraster image lat / lon / lon / lon / lon / lon / lon / lon / lon / lon / lon / lon / lon /
Reference: starts dequeuing the queue into the running pool and launch them
Candidate: returns a new of a new new socket . < p >
Reference: property change listener change method . used to track changes to the column width or preferred column width .
Candidate: this method gets called when a status bound property is changed .
Reference: returns common pool queue for a thread that has submitted at least one task .
Candidate: generates a common thread submitted objects for the given thread .
Reference: asserts that given object1 equals object2 .
Candidate: javax . .
Reference: re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
Candidate: re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
Reference: return flags as a string , separated by " " .
Candidate: convert flags to a human - separated flags .
Reference: this method attempts to return a sql statement . if an expression is supplied , and is string , it will be used . otherwise the method will attempt to
Candidate: executes a log command with the given name .
Reference: indent text by two spaces . after calling indent ( ) , two spaces will be inserted at the beginning of each line of text . indent ( ) may
Candidate: indent text text by two spaces .
Reference: add a view for the dummyview to draw .
Candidate: add the views to add the tree tree if there is add add the tree tree , add happens add add add add add add add add add add add
Reference: compile a list of projects .
Candidate: compile a list projects .
Reference: internal function used in the implementation of print_info
Candidate: used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: resolves the promise , triggers any done / always callbacks
Candidate: rejects the promise triggers , triggers any triggers triggers any triggers triggers any triggers triggers any / callbacks .
Reference: adjusts the name to avoid name conflicts in the new session and , if the name is adjusted , adjusts the position so the user can see the two nodes
Candidate: adjusts the name to see if the name can see if the name is adjusted , adjusts the name so the user can the the two nodes , the the
Reference: create the blocksnapshot in db
Candidate: creates a new instance with the given time .
Reference: saves the currently known settings .
Candidate: asserts whether the object object exist using the props ' s props file .
Reference: returns count of items in the list
Candidate: find the list of the items in this list .
Reference: force buffered operations to the filesystem .
Candidate: force buffered operations to the filesystem .
Reference: constructs a uri from the template , substituting in the provided arguments . < p > arguments whose corresponding identifiers are not present in the template will be ignored .
Candidate: constructs a uri from the provided arguments whose substituting in the provided arguments . < p > the arguments are ignored .
Reference: disposes the native resources associated with the given oglsurfacedata ( referenced by the pdata parameter ) . this method is invoked from the native dispose ( ) method from the
Candidate: disposes the native dispose the associated with the native d3dsurfacedata with the native d3dsurfacedata with the native d3dsurfacedata . if the resources are the native method . dispose the resources
Reference: handle japanese encoding - by toshimm .
Candidate: handle japanese encoding - by toshimm .
Reference: creates a new scannerexception for a file with a message only .
Candidate: creates a new scannerexception for a file .
Reference: render the normals into a texture .
Candidate: render the normals into a texture .
Reference: find all resources by type
Candidate: find all resources by type
Reference: calculates the sum of all y - values
Candidate: calculates the sum of all y - values
Reference: release the provided number of reference counts .
Candidate: gets least the net . todo : least - defined in again todo least the least zero . todo least version todo least zero todo least count gets todo least
Reference: checks the truth of an expression .
Candidate: ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method .
Reference: returns an estimate of the memory footprint in bytes of this node list and all its subtrees .
Candidate: gets an array of an array of an array .
Reference: finds the tcpconnection given the threadid
Candidate: finds the tcpconnection given the threadid
Reference: estimate from simple characteristics .
Candidate: returns the minimum maximum number of observed and maximum values .
Reference: reads repository metadata from stream input
Candidate: perform a given snapshot given given snapshot on the given snapshot snapshot . snapshot snapshot snapshot snapshot snapshot snapshot snapshot snapshot snapshot snapshot snapshot snapshot snapshot snapshot snapshot snapshot snapshot
Reference: checks whether the supplied datatype is a primitive xml schema datatype .
Candidate: tests whether the the specified and whether the
Reference: handle gui layout details during construction .
Candidate: adds the given char as a newline and return the destination as a newline .
Reference: applies a regex to the text of a textview turning the matches into links . if links are found then urlspans are applied to the link text match areas ,
Candidate: applies the links turning turning turning turning turning turning turning turning turning turning turning turning turning turning turning turning turning turning turning turning turning turning turning turning turning turning turning
Reference: process the settings when we are going to consume them .
Candidate: resets the table to the receiver , we have already been marked as well and computes the cursor as also have been set and also have lowercase and computes the
Reference: tell if the table contains the given node .
Candidate: determines whether the node contains the specified node in the search hierarchy .
Reference: creates file with temporary files list . this list will be used to delete temporary files on the next application launch . the method is called from shutdown ( )
Candidate: updates the log file in the specified file .
Reference: clamp a value to be within the provided range .
Candidate: clamp a value to a within a range .
Reference: add a value that shall be written to the writeset
Candidate: adds a message to the peer .
Reference: load the given unit .
Candidate: loads the actions from the given type .
Reference: performs cleanup and bookkeeping for a dying worker . called only from worker threads . unless completedabruptly is set , assumes that workercount has already been adjusted to account for
Candidate: performs cleanup and bookkeeping for a dying worker . called from worker threads .
Reference: finishes writing compressed data to the output stream without closing the underlying stream . use this method when applying multiple filters in succession to the same output stream .
Candidate: finishes the output stream without applying the output stream to the output stream .
Reference: frees the object . if the free list is full , the object will be garbage collected .
Candidate: move the given object to the list .
Reference: returns true if a binding exists for the given key
Candidate: checks to find the given key under all components under the sqlite .
Reference: creates a replication service that will run as a thread internal to the replicationservicemanager .
Candidate: callback method for client plan , from client plan .
Reference: this runs the checkindex tool on the index in . if any issues are hit , a runtimeexception is thrown ; else , true is returned .
Candidate: helper method that will throw data from the data file s data .
Reference: handles policychanged notifications - clears the cached resource names for the service type name
Candidate: scipio : see if there can an level jms groups of all groups under all groups of groups .
Reference: start all animations about dismissing .
Candidate: symmetric first picks with gaussian with first first first first first first first first first first first first first first first first first first first first first first first first
Reference: creates a tagging decorator for the given output stream .
Candidate: creates a tagging decorator for given output stream .
Reference: builds the list of messages from the builder and returns them .
Candidate: builds the list of messages from the list builder .
Reference: stores given short value . alignment aware .
Candidate: stores short value into alignment alignment aware .
Reference: calculates the sha - 256 hash of the given byte range , and then hashes the resulting hash again .
Candidate: we use the message to the buffer , we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we
Reference: constructs a pronounceablefsm with information in the given url .
Candidate: constructs a key for a url url .
Reference: apply zero or blank , left or right padding .
Candidate: apply zero or blank or right .
Reference: put an object into the trie for lookup .
Candidate: put an object into the trie .
Reference: makes the object immutable
Candidate: makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
Reference: returns the full library path for the name .
Candidate: this method will find the name for this method will be used to determine if it has been made .
Reference: removes a component listener from this instance .
Candidate: removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes
Reference: find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
Reference: returns true if the string is null or 0 - length .
Candidate: determines whether the charsequence is empty or null or empty or empty or empty or empty or empty or empty or empty or empty or empty or empty or empty
Reference: verify that we can encode and decode a record .
Candidate: test and returns the signature of the request .
Reference: checks a term if it can be processed indexed .
Candidate: determines if the given substring contains a stemmed uncovered cost .
Reference: sends given response to the socket .
Candidate: sends given response to the socket .
Reference: decode an encoded string
Candidate: maps a given object to the given name .
Reference: causes the current thread to block until signalshutdown is called . this is used by workerthreads which are not actively polling the shutdown field .
Candidate: called when the current signalshutdown is used by workerthreads polling which are used to workerthreads .
Reference: allows the remote end of the specified connection to access objects registered in this objectspace .
Candidate: connects to the database connection to the database . ignoring any ' s .
Reference: returns the euclidean distance between a specified point and this point .
Candidate: return the distance between two deltas
Reference: util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
Candidate: util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
Reference: convert a string to an int treating empty strings as the default value .
Candidate: trims a string value to a string .
Reference: convenience : add an item wrapping it into a singleiterable behind the scenes .
Candidate: add an item to the node .
Reference: caution : while the background thread should be slowed down , updates of the gui have to be done in the gui thread !
Candidate: caution : while the background thread of the while while while while while while while while while while while while while while while while while while while while while while
Reference: poller main loop . blocks on port_getn waiting for events and then processes them .
Candidate: used for all changes for the db .
Reference: retrieve the names from all files in dir
Candidate: retrieve all accumulated records . megabyte
Reference: creates a new dialogue recorder for the dialogue system
Candidate: creates a rect with the given y
Reference: generates unique id for requestfuture .
Candidate: generates unique id for requestfuture .
Reference: searches the calendaralerts table for alarms that should have fired but have not and then reschedules them . this method can be called at boot time to restore alarms that
Candidate: update the ( to ) .
Reference: add a column name to this projection .
Candidate: add a column name to this projection .
Reference: perform an asynchronous min operation
Candidate: perform an asynchronous average operation
Reference: changes to the next state .
Candidate: changes the state .
Reference: read fields to display
Candidate: display input input input input input input input input input
Reference: converts month object representation to string
Candidate: converts gday object representation to string
Reference: adds the given test to the list
Candidate: adds the argument to the initial argument . < p / > this method can belong convenient methods to convenient convenient methods to convenient convenient methods for convenient methods to
Reference: returns a random number from the distribution ; bypasses the internal state .
Candidate: returns the number of with the form - 1 , returning with the random number of the distribution . < p > note : above with the package side of
Reference: swaps in place the elements at the specified positions in the specified list . ( if the specified positions are equal , invoking this method leaves the list unchanged .
Candidate: swaps the contents of the list .
Reference: populate a list of name value pairs used in the common ws requests for ipt registrations and updates .
Candidate: parses a command options for server .
Reference: allows this closeable to be used within the closure , ensuring that it is closed once the closure has been executed and before this method returns .
Candidate: this method allows takes the builder within the within this closure allows to each builder .
Reference: check whether the string matches the pattern .
Candidate: returns true if the given matches all the match .
Reference: add a new server to the load snapshot .
Candidate: adds a server address
Reference: append leaf to the end of the leaves list
Candidate: leaf leaf leaf leaf .
Reference: convenience method for converting component time longs to strings
Candidate: convert a real sequence into a real deal duplicates . includes an trailing z rather than reduce good trailing good rather than good rather than good rather than good rather
Reference: set the ' content - length ' request header to the given value
Candidate: set the content to request to the given length .
Reference: draw into the provided canvas . assumes that the canvas has been rotated accordingly and the size has been set . the effect will be drawn the full width of
Candidate: draw the size of the canvas assumes that the canvas has been rotated accordingly . the width effect will be drawn into the full width .
Reference: modify lun ( export / unexport / expand etc ) in async mode
Candidate: modify modify lun ,
Reference: copies this string replacing occurrences of the specified target sequence with another sequence . the string is processed from the beginning to the end .
Candidate: this method to the the the given string . the p / > this method is to be used to the end of this method is used to the the
Reference: closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache
Candidate: closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache
Reference: semanticconcepts are similar if they share a synset or a concept
Candidate: check if the object object is accessible accessible .
Reference: google analytics usage tracking
Candidate: adds the given feature settings to the same as a new information .
Reference: adds a tuple without firing a notification .
Candidate: adds a tuple without firing a notification .
Reference: adds a song to the adapter
Candidate: writes the concatenation list and the list and the list
Reference: filter children by name and class
Candidate: find a hierarchical element name .
Reference: emits a put method to put a value into a map . if the map is null , it is created .
Candidate: emits a put method to add a map into a map . if the map is null , it is created .
Reference: returns true if the object is a complex effect with an identical content
Candidate: returns true resultsetmapper equals mutable hashcode .
Reference: provides the right name of the node for display .
Candidate: provides the name of the node .
Reference: parse json - formatted list of events / births / deaths from wikipedia , extract list of events and split the events into a string array of individual events .
Candidate: parses a line of a pattern .
Reference: removes a listener from the list that is notified each time a change to the data model occurs
Candidate: removes a listener from the list that is notified each time change to the data model occurs .
Reference: replaces a portion of the string builder with another string . the length of the inserted string does not have to match the removed length .
Candidate: replaces the internal range without another .
Reference: recursively adds a permission to a directory .
Candidate: recursively a a permission or a a directory .
Reference: running process accepting connections .
Candidate: assert no active flight platforms .
Reference: learn a device using the given characteristics .
Candidate: learn a device using the given characteristics .
Reference: returns true if the given type signature is valid , false if it is not .
Candidate: returns true if the given type is valid signature , false if it is not .
Reference: remainder of division of two numbers of different signs . the first is positive .
Candidate: add a number of regular negative number .
Reference: returns true if action group has visible children .
Candidate: create a new request for updating the the button .
Reference: check that all % d references in the given type snippet are within bounds .
Candidate: replaces the search at the given " .
Reference: randomize and normalize weights .
Candidate: randomize all the context elements . note that this does not
Reference: saves the pixels from the buffer on the sd card .
Candidate: saves the buffer to the pixels on the sd card .
Reference: check if the file is valid or not . this method checks whether the given file or the file name of the file is valid . the method name parameter
Candidate: checks if the name topology exists , and the method starts associated with the the topology , and return the new method starts with all parameters and return the new
Reference: remove a class from the list of src classes .
Candidate: remove a class from the list of src classes .
Reference: updates the values range .
Candidate: updates the values range .
Reference: closes the current scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket .
Candidate: closes the current scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket .
Reference: append specified bytes to the buffer
Candidate: appends a subarray of bytes to the buffer .
Reference: checks if there is enough space on phone self
Candidate: checks if we is done ?
Reference: method to handle cancel button
Candidate: method to handle cancel button
Reference: applies a given attribute to this string .
Candidate: applies a given attribute to the given attribute .
Reference: converts string back to correct ( previous ) data type .
Candidate: serializes a string to a output . .
Reference: copy nodelist members into this nodelist , adding in document order . if a node is null , don ' t add it .
Candidate: copy nodelist members in this nodelist , in document order .
Reference: returns the string representation ( in ion format ) of this timestamp in utc .
Candidate: reads the serial number of the given string .
Reference: flatten the trie into a byte array for a minimized memory footprint . lookup remains fast . cost is inflexibility to modify ( becomes immutable ) . flattened node structure
Candidate: takes an internal information structure using the provided tag information information information information information information information information information information information information information information information information information information information information information
Reference: records a dialogue state in the component and makes it available for display in the network selection list on the left side . the network is associated with a specific
Candidate: finishes the current dialogue state .
Reference: returns the number of octets written .
Candidate: decodes all the value of the elements in the specified value . . < p > this method handles the initial value has a single element in the char value
Reference: instantiates a new geo server wps client .
Candidate: creates a new connection connections .
Reference: creates the instance of ssl v3 connection state . all of the security parameters are provided by session object .
Candidate: creates the of algorithm . . . . . . . . . .
Reference: returns whether the file is a valid zip file .
Candidate: returns true if the given file resides .
Reference: performs maintenance on this pool , evicting the connection that has been idle the longest if either it has exceeded the keep alive limit or the idle connections limit .
Candidate: performs the the maintenance evicting the connections that the has been the longest the longest if the has been has the longest limit , either has been idle connections limit
Reference: creates a new stateinfo .
Candidate: creates a new stateinfo that the passed in stateinfo .
Reference: this is used to compare the expected and current versions of the class . once compared the comparison result is cached within the revision class so that it can be
Candidate: returns true if the values are equal in the order set .
Reference: generates a device - and invocation - specific seed to be mixed into the linux prng .
Candidate: generates a device - and invocation - specific seed to be mixed into the linux prng .
Reference: return whether we need to check namespace prefixes against and exclude result prefixes list .
Candidate: returns true if the bootpath can be prefixes to exclude .
Reference: decodes back a string to a byte array
Candidate: decodes the bytes into the specified byte array starting at the specified offset position .
Reference: creates a list of user namespace authorizations from the list of persisted entities .
Candidate: build the list of ratingcolor adapters .
Reference: method to read header data from the input stream
Candidate: send method to send the own data
Reference: resets this stream to the beginning of the source string .
Candidate: resets the state to the next reset stream .
Reference: this method returns a specification for the supplied key . the specification will be returned in the form of an object of the type specified by keyspec .
Candidate: this method returns an object of the specification of the specified type of the specified type of the specified type of the specified type of the specified type of the
Reference: draw the text under the graphics
Candidate: draw text for the text animation animations .
Reference: compares two percent objects .
Candidate: compares two percent objects .
Reference: get a cloned prdicatednodetest .
Candidate: get a cloned prdicatednodetest .
Reference: returns true if the given point is outside the preferredsize of the item at the given row of the table . ( column must be 0 ) . does not
Candidate: calculates the column cell and cell center , and the cell cell cell , and cell and cell and cell and cell and cell and cell and cell and cell
Reference: root folder for labels - > documents . each subfolder name will be presented as label , and contents of this folder will be represented as labelleddocument , with label
Candidate: add a additional relative to a sub - relative ids .
Reference: returns a workflow . method for suspending srdf group
Candidate: return the workflow method for a given snapshot .
Reference: attempt a field goal using the offense ' s kicker . if successful , add 3 points and kick off . if not , turn the ball over .
Candidate: go to the turning the turning the turning the the the the line and the the turning the the the turning the the to the the current line .
Reference: returns an gunzipped copy of the input array .
Candidate: read the contents of the the currently open settings .
Reference: calculates the m - value needed for the gss algorithm .
Candidate: this function is used by the supplied node .
Reference: create a secure server socket . if a bind address is specified , the socket is only bound to this address . if h2 . enableanonymoustls is true , an
Candidate: create a socket socket and socket socket .
Reference: prints a byte array to the stream , properly encoded in base64 .
Candidate: writes the given byte data buffer to the given length buffer .
Reference: delete a vv set or consistency group
Candidate: add existing existing perlin noise based on existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing
Reference: makes the given visitor visit this annotation .
Candidate: makes the given visitor visit this annotation .
Reference: finds the index of the specified key within the array containing key / value comments
Candidate: looks up all messages bits producing up bits in bits .
Reference: returns true if this cookie has expired .
Candidate: returns true if this cookie has expired according passed .
Reference: closes ' closeable ' , ignoring any checked exceptions . does nothing if ' closeable ' is null .
Candidate: closes ' closeable ' , ignoring any checked exceptions . does nothing if ' closeable ' is null .
Reference: utility method to check if a shortcut can be added to the home screen .
Candidate: utility method to check if the can be added to the homescreen .
Reference: constructs the generator and initializes the common members ignoring display density .
Candidate: this the size of the current size and makes the size and the size of the cells in the current location .
Reference: creates a new inmemoryentrystore which provides constant time storage and retrieval of entries by id or parent id .
Candidate: collects all objects of their cache .
Reference: persist a connection to the database
Candidate: persist a database to the database
Reference: constructs a new classannotator for the specified codebase urls
Candidate: init a static method which presents the given omgraphiclist from the given public and load the static void init . < p > different load ( which should be used
Reference: produce the next identifier .
Candidate: indicate that next extended generator .
Reference: cholesky algorithm for symmetric and positive definite matrix .
Candidate: cholesky positive definite matrix for positive definite and positive definite positive definite values . positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive
Reference: create stream that will be cached after it is read
Candidate: read a and returns it from the cache and returns it to the cache and it .
Reference: return a 2 element array . 0 = title ; 1 = date parses the title in the format title year or title ( year )
Candidate: creates titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles
Reference: returns the selection produced by this object .
Candidate: appends a hex template without a hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex
Reference: if a randomize operation changes the ratio of excitatory to inhibitory synapses , this method can be called to change the excitatoryratio to reflect this value . this happens rarely
Candidate: this method computes the entropy of the to the pre - resets energy sparsity , this resets the energy sparsity , but drops this resets the parameters to the the
Reference: a repository root has been removed .
Candidate: notify listeners that has been moved .
Reference: insert the object passed with the priority value passed
Candidate: calculates the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
Reference: creates a new message with no specified message type .
Candidate: creates a new instance .
Reference: wrap the given command into a command with chown . also add group / user that match host environment if not exists
Candidate: connect to socks remote proxy .
Reference: the main method to handle the query . first it will try to retrieve the query from the cache , if its not there , it will build a parser
Candidate: return a single query created into a single query ( but created ) but created but created but created but created but created but created but created but created but
Reference: returns the index of an element in a level . must never be called with the wrong element and the wrong level , will throw an exception otherwise . it
Candidate: finds the node of nodes in the given element .
Reference: get the number of attributes in the attribute set
Candidate: get the set of the attribute value .
Reference: consume an tag name off the queue ( word or : , _ , - )
Candidate: consume an attribute name from the queue , digit ( letter , digit , digit , _ ,
Reference: launches a deep sort on the array of feature vectors . this is public because it can be used to re - index the previously read feature file .
Candidate: all vectors vectors vectors vectors vectors vectors vectors vectors vectors vectors vectors vectors vectors vectors vectors vectors vectors vectors vectors vectors vectors vectors vectors vectors vectors vectors vectors vectors vectors
Reference: remove all existing listeners .
Candidate: remove all all all all listeners all various services .
Reference: decrypts a hexbin string ( handling is case sensitive )
Candidate: decrypts a hexbin string handling
Reference: rank loss - the average fraction of labels which are not correctly ordered . thanks to noureddine yacine nair benrekia for providing bug fix for this .
Candidate: removes all data from the array .
Reference: recursively add a cluster and its children .
Candidate: given the given of the given given
Reference: print service attribute listener .
Candidate: clears the thread infrastructure have been changed .
Reference: convenience method for decoding data to a file .
Candidate: convenience method for decoding data to a file .
Reference: make one pass of the idle object evictor .
Candidate: appends the existing policy . the existing existing if the existing flag can be the existing .
Reference: generate random population of given size
Candidate: this method removes the the first sequence of all the spaces .
Reference: creates a streaming session that can be customized by adding tracks .
Candidate: creates a raw task that should be used by a javafx key .
Reference: consultar todos visitantes cadastrdos na base de dados
Candidate: consultar todos setores cadastrados na base de dados
Reference: asserts that the expected values can be selected from the test table .
Candidate: asserts that the expected values .
Reference: append a single character to this writer .
Candidate: append a single character to this writer .
Reference: inserts each instruction in a list before another instruction .
Candidate: increments the clock at least one point at another level at the right level .
Reference: creates a new persistent subscription settings builder .
Candidate: creates a new builder builder .
Reference: counts the size of an array .
Candidate: this is used to convert the mgrs string to the array .
Reference: run recovery of stopped scanners . warning : do never perform archive . check when recovery is expected . this may cause data lost .
Candidate: reset the message of the complain interesting .
Reference: forward pass - given input x_ , get output y_ .
Candidate: the energy distribution .
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: escapes the next line .
Reference: pops a type from the output frame stack .
Candidate: pops a type from the output frame stack .
Reference: delete the attribute value .
Candidate: delete the attribute value .
Reference: push an executing attribute set , so we can check for recursive attribute definitions .
Candidate: push an executing attribute attribute so we can check for recursive attribute definitions .
Reference: animate to the final position of the stack . unfortunately , both touch - up and fling can be called and this depends on fling always being called last .
Candidate: animate touch fling that depends on the fling fling .
Reference: add a new range with no upper bound .
Candidate: creates a new instance .
Reference: send a response back to the client . this could be either a soap fault or a correct dsml response .
Candidate: send a message to the document message .
Reference: like string . replace ( ) except that it accepts any number of old chars . replaces any occurrances of ' oldchars ' in ' str ' with ' newchar
Candidate: replace a string in a string
Reference: returns the text matched by the current regular expression .
Candidate: returns the text matched by the current regular expression .
Reference: returns the path will relative path segments like " . . " and " . " resolved . the returned path will not necessarily start with a " / "
Candidate: returns the resolved relative . " resolved .
Reference: creates a new store for configuration values .
Candidate: creates a new matcher based on the matcher .
Reference: changes to the next track
Candidate: goes through the next thread .
Reference: the address of the start ( i . e . , bottom ) of the stack .
Candidate: ( since linux 3 . 5 ) address above which program address are placed in brk ( 2 ' s ) .
Reference: draw single bitmap with the giving centerx , centery and radius
Candidate: draw a list of the a canvas .
Reference: spins / blocks until node s is matched by a fulfill operation .
Candidate: by s operation by by by by by by by by by by by by by by by by by by by by by by by by by by by
Reference: get the application ' s mqttdevice
Candidate: returns a new version of this panel .
Reference: start collecting locking data .
Candidate: sets the start of the daemon thread .
Reference: add a callback to be invoked when a swipe event is sent to this view .
Candidate: add a callback to be invoked when a swipe event is sent to this view .
Reference: method to be overridden by subclasses to read the next object from the source stream .
Candidate: method to be overridden by subclasses to read the next object from the source stream .
Reference: converts pixels to meters
Candidate: used to convert a particular symbol to to a particular order .
Reference: removes the results of a search from the specified category
Candidate: removes a search from the specified category .
Reference: checks if a character is part of an open html tag or close html tag , and if so adds it to the buffer , otherwise returns false .
Candidate: scans the list buffer ' event list and list .
Reference: computes the length of a vector
Candidate: computes the length of the vector .
Reference: converts given json string in to a object . refer http : / / www . json . org / to construct a json format .
Candidate: parses or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or
Reference: creates the cache instance for the test
Candidate: initializing cache capacity cache .
Reference: creates the attribute selection panel with no initial instances .
Candidate: create a chooser dialog .
Reference: returns a 2 - dimensional array with the prepared data . includes the column and row names . hidden cols / rows are already excluded . < br > first
Candidate: returns for the number of elements for the
Reference: make sure nobody can instantiate the class
Candidate: creates an instance of the own buttons .
Reference: removes the given photo from this user
Candidate: removes a user updates the user .
Reference: performs a binary search for the specified element in a part of the specified sorted array .
Candidate: performs a binary search for the specified element in the specified part of the specified sorted array .
Reference: get the set of matches active for the given read
Candidate: determine the content of matches matches matches matches matches determine determine determine determine determine determine determine determine determine determine determine determine determine determine determine determine determine determine determine determine determine
Reference: copies the content of the underlying atomic array to a normal one .
Candidate: returns an array of the array of the array .
Reference: add a failure object to the list of objects to be evaluated at every potential failure point
Candidate: adds an object to the output . .
Reference: dump the parse stack for debugging purposes .
Candidate: dump the stack for debugging purposes .
Reference: creates a new set with the given categories , making them all lowercase in the process . duplicate categories that were only differentiated by case will of course be reduced
Candidate: expand a category from the given category .
Reference: load a jms message listener .
Candidate: load a jms message listener .
Reference: this method uploads a file to the remote server . calling this method blocks the current thread until the operation is completed . the operation could be interrupted by another
Candidate: this method to this method closes the current file thread . the method blocks until the operation is completed .
Reference: create a ssl socket that wraps the existing socket . this method is called after the client issued the starttls command . < p > subclasses may override this method
Candidate: generate a certificate to a secure port .
Reference: format the node , recursively .
Candidate: format the node , recursively .
Reference: server helper method to register a jmx mbean . mbeans are registered by a combination of their mbean interface and the custom mbeanname argument . the mbeanname permits multiple mbeans
Candidate: helper method to register a jmx method mbeans combination of a client interface . mbeans mbeans mbeans mbeans mbeans mbeans mbeans mbeans mbeans mbeans mbeans mbeans mbeans mbeans mbeans mbeans
Reference: writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream , removing prior exif tags .
Candidate: writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream , removing prior exif tags .
Reference: sorts the content of this adapter using the specified comparator .
Candidate: sorts the content of this adapter using the specified comparator .
Reference: return true if dae was caused by a regiondestroyedexception . this was added for bug 39603 .
Candidate: try to availability availability of availability availability of availability availability of the given source availability of exception .
Reference: appends the json representation of the specified string to the end of this array .
Candidate: appends the json representation of the list of the list .
Reference: create a new simple arguments bundle implementation from provided key - & gt ; value map .
Candidate: this a given of a given of a given .
Reference: set ups the parameters for video capture ( with more options )
Candidate: add an error for
Reference: reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns a list of new imageto objects .
Candidate: reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns a list of new imageto objects .
Reference: method that converts a an iso 8601 string to java date
Candidate: returns a string representation of the given date for the given string .
Reference: create dom from iostream .
Candidate: initialize the dom document .
Reference: obtains the string representation of this object .
Candidate: obtains the string representation of this object .
Reference: resets counter to zero .
Candidate: adds the to the .
Reference: schedule a task for repeated fixed - rate execution after a specific time has been reached .
Candidate: schedule a task for repeated fixed rate execution after a specific time has been reached .
Reference: copies the value of the realm attribute from the specified attributevalue .
Candidate: copies the value according to the specified ' s attributevalue .
Reference: copy file in assets into destination file
Candidate: loads file file file file file file file
Reference: check if address are content identical if number are equals and street ( if number is null , we look at the name )
Candidate: merge the and return the same as the ( as merge ) and the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same
Reference: replacement for the math . nextup ( . . . ) method that is only available in honeycomb and higher . dat ' s some seeeeek sheeet .
Candidate: replacement . math . math . nextup ( . . ) method that is available in honeycomb and higher . dat ' s some seeeeek sheeet .
Reference: compares the distance of two keys relative to this one using the xor metric
Candidate: calculate the kernel of the given function .
Reference: discards any whitespace from a base - 64 encoded block .
Candidate: discards any whitespace from a base - 64 encoded block .
Reference: construct asyncselector with brand new selector
Candidate: creates a unconnected default stream .
Reference: removes the child at the given index
Candidate: removes the child child nodes from the list of the child nodes from the list of the child nodes . also the child child child child child child child child
Reference: given the location of the ' middle snake ' , split the diff in two parts and recurse .
Candidate: given the location ' middle snake ' the diff , split the diff in the parts of recurse .
Reference: paint the provided painter using the provided transform at the specified position and size . handles if g is a non 2d graphics by painting via a bufferedimage .
Candidate: paint the transform at the specified position . g .
Reference: load a module candidate from a directory . this is usually used in - sim - - search .
Candidate: recursively deletes all the contents of the given file .
Reference: checks if passed throwable has given class in one of the suppressed exceptions .
Candidate: check if the given predicate availability of the given predicate is fatal .
Reference: write a variable size long value .
Candidate: get the length of the given value to the output stream .
Reference: updates the data to be signed or verified using the specified byte .
Candidate: updates the signed message using the specified bytes .
Reference: saves this deque to a stream ( that is , serializes it ) .
Candidate: save the state of this deque to a stream ( ) is , serializes it ) .
Reference: check if the passed in initiator is for rp
Candidate: return true if the input is not eq .
Reference: initializes the meter command class . requests the supported meter types .
Candidate: this method to convert all to to the to to to to to to to to to to the the
Reference: sorts an array of strings , returning a new array with the sorted items . the original array is left untouched .
Candidate: sorts an array of strings , returning an array of the original array is left untouched .
Reference: start with the internal default settings , then merge in the settings from any specified configuration file , if available . if it is not explicitly given , then merge
Candidate: fetches the & from the remote servers .
Reference: if there is no field with the specified key , then associate the given value with the specified key .
Candidate: if there is no field with the specified key , then associate the specified value with the specified key .
Reference: for multi line records this method combines the current result with the result from previous read ( s ) .
Candidate: decodes the data array into the original array .
Reference: checks that at least one retina device is present . do not use this method if your are going to make decision for a particular screen . isretina ( graphics2d
Candidate: performs a many of the end of the end of the end of the end of the .
Reference: creates a change from each compilation unit and stores it in the changes list
Candidate: this method ' re - class class . the class class .
Reference: indent out ; write object ; end current line .
Candidate: indents out ; writes current line ;
Reference: draw the combat indicators .
Candidate: calculates the signature of the for the final distance .
Reference: creates a new instance .
Candidate: obtain a axis where the axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis
Reference: operation : [ < rn > ] , + / - < rm > , lsr # < shift_imm > address = rn 0b01 / lsr / if shift_imm =
Candidate: [ < rn > ] , + > < rm > , lsl # < shift_imm > case , 0b00 / shift lsl / 0b00 / lsl / lsl /
Reference: ends the formal type parameters section of the signature .
Candidate: ends the formal type parameters section of the signature .
Reference: tells if there is a digit or a letter character ahead .
Candidate: tells if the character is a letter .
Reference: gets project name from uri .
Candidate: gets project name from project .
Reference: adds the given object to the set of hard references , which will prevent that object from being disposed until the queue has been flushed completely . this is useful
Candidate: divide bounds derived bounds bounds bounds bounds bounds bounds bounds bounds bounds bounds bounds bounds bounds bounds bounds bounds bounds bounds bounds bounds bounds bounds bounds bounds bounds bounds bounds
Reference: reset the second line of notes area
Candidate: reset the second line of notes area
Reference: add a required property of type object .
Candidate: add a new name to a new service .
Reference: determines whether the point x , y will add a new point to the current pattern ( in addition to finding the cell , also makes heuristic choices such as
Candidate: determines whether the new x , y ( add addition to finding the cell , also makes heuristic choices such as
Reference: constructs a new headrule by decoding the specific head tagsets .
Candidate: creates a new rule .
Reference: or for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter
Candidate: andnot for two positive numbers ; the first is longer .
Reference: this is a thread safe way to avoid rejection exception . . . this is implemented because we might want to hold the incoming requests till there is a free
Candidate: submits a task from the task thread .
Reference: subtract two numbers of different scales using mathcontext ; the first is positive
Candidate: subtract two numbers of equal positive scales using mathcontext
Reference: creates an xsqlda , populates type information and allocates memory for the sqldata fields .
Candidate: handle a local handle updated by local key .
Reference: overwrites a bit range within the vector .
Candidate: generates the given at the given position .
Reference: check if the given string is empty or null
Candidate: check if empty string is empty .
Reference: add listener for scrollview .
Candidate: add listener for scrollview .
Reference: computes the upc / ean checksum on a string of digits , and reports whether the checksum is correct or not .
Candidate: computes whether upc / ean checksum on a string of digits , and reports whether the checksum is correct or not .
Reference: gets the callbacks object . if we ' ve been stopped , or if the launcher object has somehow been garbage collected , return null instead . pass in the
Candidate: gets if we ' ve been stopped , if the launcher has somehow been garbage null , return null instead has been garbage collected , been been been been been
Reference: called at the beginning of updatememoryused .
Candidate: called when a new successfully under successfully
Reference: translates a java2d point on the chart to a screen location .
Candidate: translates the java2d point to within the screen .
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: reads all declared properties in the component span tag . these properties will be used to initialise the basic formatter . it will be done by method initbasicformatteroptions
Candidate: calculate the and function subtract two instructions and simplify
Reference: update all the traffic projections based on their heading and ground speed
Candidate: get rid of traffic is valid longer according to the the
Reference: logs the stack trace for the given throwable if logger is initialized else prints the stack trace using system . out .
Candidate: creates a new instance dynamic instance .
Reference: calculates the constrast between two colors , using the algorithm provided by the wcag v2 .
Candidate: reads a code from xml .
Reference: reads a single byte from the proxied input stream and writes it to the associated output stream .
Candidate: reads an single character from the stream .
Reference: adds an item to the menu . the other add methods funnel to this .
Candidate: adds a single operations to for operations that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that
Reference: decodes a binary - coded decimal into a string and returns it .
Candidate: returns non - ok - 256 - 0 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Reference: assume that the graphics has been set with the paint / color needed , just render the shape of the background .
Candidate: paints the background of the graphics color to the shape .
Reference: adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value , replacing the previous mapping from the specified key if there was one .
Candidate: adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value , replacing the previous mapping from the specified key if there was one .
Reference: keeps track of layouteditor panels that are using this layoutblock
Candidate: removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes
Reference: uses the wildcardexpanderhandler to process all found files and directories .
Candidate: attempt to the business exception .
Reference: creates a new ip interface for a host .
Candidate: construct a host .
Reference: collects all edit proposals from contained poroposal providers .
Candidate: determine if a delegate is a a based on a name is a a based on a name is a based on a name is a fully based on a
Reference: create a new instance .
Candidate: here . here . here .
Reference: ensures that an image name has a namespace prefix . an image pushed to a v1 registry without namespace prefix is processed in the following way : < registry_name >
Candidate: verifies that were successful written .
Reference: returns map containing the given entries .
Candidate: returns map containing the given entries .
Reference: tests the filter in conjunction with the filteredclassifier
Candidate: executes two data in the correct order .
Reference: changes the first letter of the passed string to upper case .
Candidate: find the first letter of the upper lowercase .
Reference: returns a random index based on the given proportions
Candidate: generates a random - value from the distribution .
Reference: track actual size of shape
Candidate: push the next highlighting of the the given mouse .
Reference: partitions the given list of components into a map where each value is a list of siblings , in the same order as in the original list , and where
Candidate: this all components that have been tree .
Reference: count the number of non - newline characters before first newline in the string .
Candidate: trim whitespaces at start and end indices count .
Reference: spanning is specified in the uncompressed grid number . they can for instance be more than 60000 for the outer edge dock grid cells . when the grid is compressed
Candidate: spanning is called by the uncompressed number of uncompressed grid . if they is more than 60000 for the outer edge dock grid cells in the edge is compressed compressed
Reference: checks if this set of rules equals another . < p > two rule sets are equal if they will always result in the same output for any given input
Candidate: checks if two rules are equal in < p > if the same input rule will return any output if they are equals count will always return the same result
Reference: returns a text description that can be used for display .
Candidate: creates new new instance new instance and reset the new instance and new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new
Reference: adds a claimed signer role
Candidate: add a new rule subcomponents .
Reference: stores the contents of a map in an output stream , as part of serialization . it does not support concurrent maps whose content may change while the method is
Candidate: iterate entry & lt ; = & & & & & gt ; = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = &
Reference: sub classes ( tests basically ) can use this to override how the sleep is being done
Candidate: writes a specific for for for for a specific .
Reference: allow again printing to previous streams that were muted
Candidate: we err system to err err err err err err err err err err err err err err err err err err err err err err err err err err
Reference: computes chinese reminder theorem : x = = congs [ i ] mod moduli [ i ]
Candidate: converts an integer size to the maximum amount of block ram precision .
Reference: determines the height of this view
Candidate: determines the height of this view
Reference: puts an array of bytes into this byte vector . the byte vector is automatically enlarged if necessary .
Candidate: puts an array of bytes into this byte vector . the byte vector is automatically enlarged if necessary .
Reference: remainder of division of two positive numbers
Candidate: tests the step d6 from the knuth algorithm .
Reference: waits until the given task completes and returns its final state .
Candidate: waits used waits waits waits waits waits waits waits waits waits waits waits waits waits waits waits waits waits waits waits waits waits waits waits waits waits waits waits waits
Reference: creates a new action object with specified content and line number .
Candidate: creates a new action with the given string and the given action .
Reference: returns a list of all islands that might be touching a chunk - area .
Candidate: returns the list of course for the createelectronictextmethod method .
Reference: 4b basesec | 3b operatorid | 2b windowid | 3b tupleid
Candidate: 4b basesec | 2b windowid | 3b operatorid | 3b tupleid
Reference: calculate the gap rectangle between two rectangles
Candidate: check that two widgets
Reference: moves the current tile position to the next available tile .
Candidate: moves the current position position to the next available tile .
Reference: we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
Candidate: we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
Reference: does this ba mount a myomer booster ?
Candidate: computes the ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s
Reference: indicates whether the specified action can be used as an intent . this method queries the package manager for installed packages that can respond to an intent with the specified
Candidate: return true if the given instruction is inside a given version .
Reference: javax . net . ssl . sslengine # wrap ( bytebuffer [ ] srcs , int offset , int length , bytebuffer dst ) exception case : indexoutofboundsexception should be
Candidate: javax . net . ssl . sslengine # wrap ( bytebuffer [ ] srcs , int offset , int length , bytebuffer dst ) exception case : indexoutofboundsexception should be
Reference: send a connect request for establishing a tunnel to proxy server
Candidate: sends the specified in the specified of src proxy . the caller will have been done in the mode .
Reference: returns true if the certificate is self - signed , false otherwise .
Candidate: checks whether the given key is marked as a jre .
Reference: this method calls proc insertuserroles and adds a record in userroles table . it also validates the values passed .
Candidate: this method calls proc listusers and adds it to the the .
Reference: find the nearest neighbours within dependency distance links of the provided start dependencies .
Candidate: find distance between start start start start start start start start start start start start start start start start start start start start start start start start start start start
Reference: base constructer from a java . util . date object
Candidate: base constructer from a java util . date object
Reference: adds a new value to the series .
Candidate: adds a new value to the series .
Reference: rewind the configuration to the initial situation
Candidate: called to be called during fifo .
Reference: sort and merge , o ( nlogn ) time . sort the intervals according to the start value in asc order . for each of the intervals , 1 )
Candidate: merge the list of locations for each merge together with the same of one .
Reference: outputs the simple name of the type
Candidate: determines if the name has the whitespace tokens and the spec of the tokens .
Reference: get the sha1 hash of the first signing certificate inside a keystore , encoded as base16 ( each byte separated by ' : ' ) .
Candidate: creates a collection in the given collection by the given collection .
Reference: use onsizechanged instead of onattachedtowindow to get the dimensions of the view , because this method is called after measuring the dimensions of match_parent & wrap_content . use this dimensions
Candidate: use onsizechanged instead of onattachedtowindow to get the dimensions of the view , because this method is called after measuring the dimensions of match_parent & wrap_content . use this dimensions
Reference: pans all domain axes by the specified percentage .
Candidate: multiplies the the on the specified device .
Reference: basic animations to build the liquidbutton
Candidate: initializes an init and initialize a new adapter .
Reference: creates an image of the checkbox and puts it in a label .
Candidate: creates a new choose a new and choose a new and sets its exclusive nearest object .
Reference: closes the window ( and opendial ) .
Candidate: sends " email to " ask " email " email " / email " email " email " email " email " email " email " email " email "
Reference: populate an instance of host with the provided host parameter
Candidate: create the and for the
Reference: update the given avd with the new settings or create one if no avd is specified . returns the created avd .
Candidate: returns the specified in the specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified specified
Reference: deletes the entry identified by the given alias from this keystore .
Candidate: deletes the entry identified identified identified identified by the given .
Reference: construct a disjoint sets object .
Candidate: constructs an instance of the specified element using the specified of instances using the specified class using the specified class using the specified class using the specified class using the
Reference: prints out the cluster information .
Candidate: writes the connected to the specified data .
Reference: adds a feature to the gui attribute of the e00layer object
Candidate: adds a field to the the gui .
Reference: removes an existing value from the series .
Candidate: removes an existing value from the series .
Reference: note : the caller must remember to close the tokenstream eventually .
Candidate: reads the index with the given index and the checksum .
Reference: checks , if a trace polyline with the input parameters can be inserted while shoving aside obstacle traces and vias .
Candidate: translates shape shape shape p_shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape
Reference: a method that will delete a file or folder . folders are removed recursively .
Candidate: deletes all folders from the target folder .
Reference: create an array to hold double data for 3d polygons and lines .
Candidate: creates a buffered instance of doubles , doubles , doubles . doubles . doubles . doubles . doubles . doubles . doubles . doubles . doubles . doubles . doubles
Reference: adds the annotated classes and the mapping resources to the existing session factory configuration .
Candidate: prints all overridden within the
Reference: encode value as an nbits unsigned integer
Candidate: computes the largest value of the provided value in this ( s ) .
Reference: skip over n bytes in the input file
Candidate: read the from
Reference: creates the lock file .
Candidate: creates the lock file .
Reference: handles edit ldap attribute mapping request .
Candidate: handles edit supported container request .
Reference: gets value for key . almost the same as findnode , but returns the found value ( to avoid retries during re - reads )
Candidate: performs a list of over the source of the population .
Reference: called when a swf has been loaded by the player
Candidate: clears the interceptor lists maintained by a processor .
Reference: show the quick reply dialog , resetting the text in the edittext and storing the current smsmmsmessage ( in case another message comes in )
Candidate: attaches the state of the mech .
Reference: writes bytes to the underlying rrd file on the disk
Candidate: writes the bytes to the given buffer .
Reference: checks if the config has changed since it was loaded .
Candidate: returns true if we have been clicked , so we don ' t exist .
Reference: iterate through each view in the view hiearchy and implement standout specific compatibility workarounds . < p > currently , this method does the following : < p > nothing
Candidate: rebuilds all views ordering .
Reference: starts the acceptor , and register the given addresses
Candidate: helper method to the given acceptor .
Reference: use this method to replace the header text from the xml file with new text . this method can be used multiple times on the same state replacing text with
Candidate: highlights a limited at the end of the end menu .
Reference: creates a gtfs - lib service object based on the information in the given patterntimetable , which is usually part of a modification deserialized from json .
Candidate: creates the given components that the given segment
Reference: removes the first occurrence of the specified object from the data .
Candidate: removes the specified object from the the the the the the the the the the the the the the specified object . the is the the
Reference: allow a list of users to use this menu
Candidate: finds the existing list of the existing pdfobject sequentially .
Reference: finds the distributed device with the passed name .
Candidate: generates the start at the passed index .
Reference: register a listener for an incoming packet type . the type may be abstract . the listeners registered will be fired in the inverse order that they were registered ;
Candidate: add an incoming packet to a registered packet .
Reference: pulls copystate off the wire
Candidate: creates a random containing all data from a regression file .
Reference: interrupts currently running tasks .
Candidate: interrupt the current executing thread .
Reference: constructs a new requestparams instance and populate it with multiple initial key / value string param .
Candidate: constructs a new requestparams instance and populate it with multiple initial key / value string param .
Reference: ask user whether to overwrite the give existing file .
Candidate: this method we need to this the given scale . we need to true if the device doesn ' t know the wrong parameter .
Reference: instantiates a new scrape task - to update a single datasource
Candidate: instantiates a new scrape task update a update
Reference: line in the original source file for the given offset .
Candidate: get the line from the column bos line .
Reference: clear this sensor selection model .
Candidate: remove all all all all all all all all all all all of the model .
Reference: returns an array allocated in an area of the java heap where it will never be moved . this is used to implement native allocations on the java heap ,
Candidate: translates the native component into an allocated area . the java heap allocations .
Reference: loads and parses a thrift file and all files included ( both directly and transitively ) by it .
Candidate: exports the files of the
Reference: assure that proxy is in a stable status .
Candidate: checks if the mouse is running .
Reference: this adds a message object to the internal message cache .
Candidate: adds an error message to the broker .
Reference: creates a key with this hash
Candidate: create a new hash of digest from the digest .
Reference: concatenates a list of int arrays into a single array .
Candidate: concatenates a list of arrays into a single int array .
Reference: makes comparision of way with osmway tags and newtag with newvalue and compares forward and backward permissions with expected permissions copy of osmway is made since otherwise tags would be
Candidate: called for extra type for extra nodes for extra form of extra form nodes for extra form of extra form nodes for extra form of extra form nodes for extra
Reference: sets the values to ui model .
Candidate: create the default object . .
Reference: read a byte array .
Candidate: read bytes from the input stream .
Reference: how big should the nth chunk be ?
Candidate: how big should be nth ?
Reference: tip text suitable for displaying int the gui
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property
Reference: starts a new query not related to a previous class query .
Candidate: creates a new query that require no identified by an query .
Reference: closes the current tab
Candidate: close buffered print ; buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered buffered
Reference: issues the " show interface " command and collects in information into a list of interfaces . for now only parses fiber channel interfaces starting with " fc " ,
Candidate: try remote peer proxy remote peer peer
Reference: clear data lists for selected service
Candidate: clears all properties and terminates the properties and clears the properties properties .
Reference: creates a new quadedge , recording it in the edges list .
Candidate: add the given vertex to the internal packet .
Reference: sort n string sequence list .
Candidate: converts to to this operand converts to max_value to this reverse . max_value
Reference: associate the given value with the specified key .
Candidate: associate the given value with the specified key .
Reference: insert all files in subdirectory subdirectory of directory directory which match filekinds into resultlist
Candidate: insert all directory of subdirectory of files in subdirectory directory of directory directory directory that match filekinds into resultlist
Reference: create the button edge shape .
Candidate: return shadow shape for the given shadow .
Reference: dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used
Candidate: dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used
Reference: load an element with default configuration and call tostring . expect that the tostring triggers lazy loading which loads the nested element is available after closing the session .
Candidate: invokes the helper method for testing .
Reference: creates reserve disk cache folder which will be used if primary disk cache folder becomes unavailable
Candidate: creates reserve disk cache folder which will be used if primary disk cache folder becomes unavailable
Reference: checks if a resource has been requested using the short name of the resource .
Candidate: returns true if the resource is a set of resource .
Reference: reads the id of this node , the numentries and the entries array from the specified stream .
Candidate: this method implements the node tree in the tree tree . the specified node tree . the super node . calls the super node super node super node super node
Reference: creates a new , empty map with the default initial capacity ( 11 buckets ) and load factor ( 0 . 75 ) .
Candidate: creates alignertrainer .
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table company
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table user_roles
Reference: creates a new connection pool that is capable to failover to the servers defined in case there is an error .
Candidate: create a new factory that is capable is capable is capable is capable is capable is capable of servers . there is no error configuration .
Reference: is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?
Candidate: is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?
Reference: constructs an array of control specifications possibly preceded , separated , or followed by ordinary strings . control strings begin with unpaired percent signs . a pair of successive percent
Candidate: constructs a basici18n object with the default locale .
Reference: if we ' re running on jdk 1 . 4 or later , initialize the cause for the given throwable .
Candidate: if we ' re running on jdk 1 . if the jdk initialize the jdk initialize the jdk initialize .
Reference: creates a parameterized instance .
Candidate: creates a new description .
Reference: creates and enqueues node for current thread and given mode .
Candidate: creates and enqueues node for current thread and given mode .
Reference: regrettably , serializing a treeset causes it to forget its bounds . this is unlike a serialized treemap which retains its bounds when serialized .
Candidate: regrettably to serializing a treeset which causes its serialized treemap unlike a serialized treemap which retains a serialized treemap unlike a serialized treemap which retains a serialized treemap which retains
Reference: paints the border for the specified component with the specified position and size .
Candidate: paints the border component using the border position and component .
Reference: restores the checkpointed operator .
Candidate: this method the supplied wrapper writing installed .
Reference: reads the bytecode of a class .
Candidate: reads the bytecode of a class .
Reference: find out if the httpcallerinfo supports negotiate protocol . in order to find out yes or no , an initialization of a negotiator object against it is tried . the
Candidate: check the if the
Reference: creates a new configuration object .
Candidate: creates a project object .
Reference: converts a screen coordinate spaced shape to the same shape in the chart coordinate space
Candidate: converts shape coordinate shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape
Reference: add a latch that will be released when the game shuts down .
Candidate: add the window to to the sync weird menu .
Reference: instantiates a new performance logger .
Candidate: instantiates a new performance logger .
Reference: builds a authentication request message for the user specified in the discovery information provided as a parameter . < p > if the discoveries parameter contains more than one entry
Candidate: create specific endpoint specific endpoint with specific endpoint specific endpoint specific endpoint specific endpoint specific endpoint specific endpoint specific endpoint specific endpoint specific endpoint specific endpoint specific endpoint specific endpoint
Reference: create a hash from a hexadecimal representation of the digest note that this is in the reverse byte order of the internal binary representation .
Candidate: create a hash representation of this object in the of hexadecimal . note : this method is used in order of the digest of
Reference: does a substring of shorttext exist within longtext such that the substring is at least half the length of longtext ?
Candidate: does a substring of shorttext exist within longtext such that the substring of longtext ?
Reference: tests the string to see if it contains a numeric run . for example , " 123456 " , " 0000 " , " 9876 " , and " 2468
Candidate: returns true if the given is is approximately a numeric character .
Reference: use onsizechanged instead of onattachedtowindow to get the dimensions of the view , because this method is called after measuring the dimensions of match_parent & wrap_content . use this dimensions
Candidate: use onsizechanged instead of onattachedtowindow to get the dimensions of the view , because this method is called after measuring the dimensions of match_parent & wrap_content . use this dimensions
Reference: returns the type of a uri : abs_uri root_rel_uri noroot_rel_uri
Candidate: normalizes the uri of the uri .
Reference: internal conversion . this is needed to support the current springboot actuator auditeventrepository interface
Candidate: internal conversion . this is needed to support the current springboot actuator auditeventrepository interface
Reference: add a glue , or variable spacing , to a ui component
Candidate: add a glue , or variable spacing , or a ui component
Reference: return the str is resource reference or not .
Candidate: tests whether the charseq ends with a dummy xml file won .
Reference: wait until all nodes leave barrier
Candidate: leave the barrier of which can be used until the node has been created .
Reference: returns an enumeration which contains the subnet mask .
Candidate: returns an enumeration over the subnet mask .
Reference: adds a single property name and an " as " - asname for the column .
Candidate: adds an property property to the property property property property property .
Reference: add an interface implemented by this class . this method may be called multiple times for classes that implement multiple interfaces .
Candidate: add additional to to the class .
Reference: cuts the string from the first index of provided substring to the end .
Candidate: cuts the substring of the given string .
Reference: executes an http get request against the gbif registry . if the content is not null , the response is returned . otherwise , if the content was null ,
Candidate: creates the address to the specified host address .
Reference: iterator iterates through all elements
Candidate: iterator through a fifo thread queue .
Reference: creates a new tcp settings builder .
Candidate: creates a new builder builder .
Reference: creates a new sharedconnectiondirectory which exposes share keys as connections . only explicitly - registered and valid share keys will be accessible .
Candidate: don ' t ' t able to access performed by the accordingly accordingly accordingly accordingly accordingly accordingly accordingly accordingly accordingly accordingly accordingly accordingly accordingly accordingly accordingly accordingly accordingly accordingly accordingly
Reference: call the object finalize method on the given object
Candidate: adds the objects to the object .
Reference: removes the tv show .
Candidate: adds the tv show the .
Reference: checks device encrypt policy on the device ( device external storage encryption ) .
Candidate: gets the payload payload payload .
Reference: replacement function for the java instanceof instruction , which returns a distance integer
Candidate: helper method for the specified object .
Reference: adds the specified object into this vector at the specified location . the object is inserted before any element with the same or a higher index increasing their index by
Candidate: inserts the specified object in this object at the specified location .
Reference: returns the current age of the response , in milliseconds . the calculation is specified by rfc 2616 , 13 . 2 . 3 age calculations .
Candidate: returns the current age of the specified response by the specified 2616 , 13 . 2 . 3 age calculations .
Reference: listens for ganglia messages . each message is decoded as as it is received . bad packets are dropped . valid messages are dispatched using a second thread to avoid
Candidate: send a message to the remote process .
Reference: returns the array element holding the bit value for the given integer
Candidate: returns the holding element from the given value for the given value .
Reference: callback for constant meta class update change
Candidate: call to the target site .
Reference: build vdcconfig for a vdc for syncvdcconfig call
Candidate: this is used to make the the to be able to make the of the .
Reference: each osxadapter has the name of the eawt method it intends to listen for ( handleabout , for example ) , the object that will ultimately perform the task ,
Candidate: sets the target object within the given target object .
Reference: output the prediction made by this perceptron on the given instance
Candidate: internal : - build a mock project .
Reference: instantiate whatever object ( if any ) the wizard creates from its gathered data .
Candidate: escapes the stored in the given object .
Reference: check whether the given attachment point is valid given the current topology
Candidate: check whether the given attachment point is valid given the current topology
Reference: fire a clusterchangeevent to all registered listeners
Candidate: adds a message to a notify that the .
Reference: constructs a new batchedimagerequest object
Candidate: constructs a new batchedimagerequest object
Reference: closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache
Candidate: closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache
Reference: returns the argb representation for the specified integer value which is packed in the format of the associated colormodel .
Candidate: returns the pixel pixel pixel pixel pixel pixel pixel pixel pixel pixel .
Reference: check to see if the digits that are going to be truncated because of the precision should force a round in the preceding digits .
Candidate: check that check to check that check that check that check that check that check that check that check that check that check that check that check that check that
Reference: subclasses might add an additional component here which is seen during all steps , e . g . a data view table .
Candidate: invoked by this panel .
Reference: this is a quiet method . only deletes files . doesn ' t delete directories .
Candidate: this is a quiet method .
Reference: create directory that is automatically cleaned up after the jvm shuts down through use of a runtime shutdown hook .
Candidate: create a live directory .
Reference: emit declaration of decoded member and open first chunk .
Candidate: emit all decoded member open .
Reference: read all cookies from the request ' s ' cookie ' header , and parse it based on cookie version 1 . < p / > this method can resolve
Candidate: set the set to the set ( )
Reference: if this repository has not already been visited , merge its items of the given type into result .
Candidate: handles the current transform to the current thread . < p / > delegates to the given delegates to be called by the server thread . delegates to delegates to
Reference: translation function for converting string into a byte array . search - and - replace eoln . encode into the target format . append terminating nul bytes . java to
Candidate: parses the text of the default character format ; returns the default text format .
Reference: creates one buffer for the camera preview callback . the size of the buffer is based off of the camera preview size and the format of the camera image .
Candidate: creates the buffer for the camera preview size and the size of the camera preview callback .
Reference: inserts the given box at the given position in the list of child boxes .
Candidate: inserts the given box at the end of the list of child boxes .
Reference: creates a position within the content that will track change as the content is mutated .
Candidate: add a single from the to the the given . .
Reference: pad a string . this method is used for the sql function rpad and lpad .
Candidate: adds a string to the given csv document , it ' s is initialized .
Reference: change the dtx for the strike refs we use . keeps a reference to the at . at must not contain translation . called by setrendertransform , setdtx , initfontdata
Candidate: this method is called when the the state is is is not found in the mode for the side of the the global bar in the mode . if the
Reference: adds a listener that will be informed one time about user activity , then removed .
Candidate: adds a listener to a handed produced .
Reference: mute the given username . if mutetill is not null , the mute will expire when mutetill is reached . < p > if this username is already muted ,
Candidate: checks if the given is the given is the given time . if the result is the .
Reference: the real guts of parsenetworkresponse . broken out for readability .
Candidate: the real guts of parsenetworkresponse . broken out for readability .
Reference: overridden to ensure that the cursor for this component is appropriate for the orientation .
Candidate: overridden to ensure that the cursor for the table . this is overridden to ensure that the appropriate for the orientation .
Reference: check if the selection is empty
Candidate: if the selection ' s selection
Reference: writes any remaining uncompressed data to the output stream and closes the underlying output stream .
Candidate: closes the input stream and releases any input stream .
Reference: create a new instance of your parcelableadapter using the provided list of items .
Candidate: returns a iterable item for a given item .
Reference: replacement function for nextbytes
Candidate: generates a random byte array containing the specified size .
Reference: draws a triangle to indicate the presence of far out values .
Candidate: draws a triangle to indicate the presence of far .
Reference: sometimes we need to know which class is a jdk class . there is no simple way to distinguish a user class and a jdk class , here we use
Candidate: tests whether this name starts with jdk level name .
Reference: applies the specified queries to the set of namedobjects .
Candidate: apply the latest repository to the latest repository .
Reference: check if we ' ve crossed a reasonable touch slop for the given child view . if the child cannot be dragged along the horizontal or vertical axis , motion
Candidate: check if we ' ve crossed a reasonable touch slop for the given child view . if the child cannot be dragged along the horizontal or vertical axis , motion
Reference: create end point element in dom .
Candidate: finds the dom identifier .
Reference: put file from c into this writer . ( helper function . )
Candidate: < p > this method reads from the given source and adds them to the file . < p > this method adds them to the index . < p
Reference: provide a string representation of this number converter .
Candidate: returns a string representation of this object .
Reference: test where each operation locks one or more resources . < p > note : this condition provides the basis for deadlocks . in fact , since we have 10
Candidate: test where each operation locks to one resource . < p / > note : each provides all operations more basis .
Reference: the spec notes that " the xml - stylesheet processing instruction is allowed only in the prolog of an xml document . " , so , at least for right
Candidate: the xml element that the stylesheet is allowed to the prolog of an xml namespace .
Reference: returns the contents of this bytearrayoutputstream as a byte array . any changes made to the receiver after returning will not be reflected in the byte array returned to the
Candidate: returns the contents of the bytearrayoutputstream as a byte array of the receiver changes .
Reference: parse a string value to a calendar
Candidate: parse a string value to a calendar
Reference: converts the specified bitmap to a byte array .
Candidate: compresses the bitmap to the serialization
Reference: save template to file . if template is new , it is saved to specified directory . otherwise it is saved to file from which it was read . if
Candidate: deletes the template with the the template template .
Reference: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Candidate: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Reference: adds a composite operation to the transform node . < p > as soon as a node is added , the transform node is considered a composite operation instead of
Candidate: adds a node to the node node .
Reference: flood negative hex levels shoreline / salt marshes effect works best with more elevation
Candidate: initializes currently serializes they are currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently are currently are currently are currently are currently are currently are currently are currently currently
Reference: add a module that was loaded in this browser tab . if the module name is null or the empty string , a name will be generated . it is
Candidate: setup a path to a path .
Reference: expands a two - digit string into a list of english words .
Candidate: expands a string into a list of words - douglas - peucker - reduction .
Reference: computes index of given char within stringbuffer
Candidate: find the index within the given string .
Reference: create a new diagnostic factory .
Candidate: create a new diagnostic factory .
Reference: pops nodes of already explored states from the head of the frontier and checks whether there are still some nodes left .
Candidate: pops whether nodes explored states head nodes of nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes
Reference: this test doesn ' t pass on ri ; fails for types . date
Candidate: test date doesn ' t pass on ri .
Reference: checks if is enabled .
Candidate: checks if is enabled .
Reference: initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory . creates the root directory if necessary .
Candidate: initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory . creates the root directory if necessary .
Reference: compute variance ( ml estimator )
Candidate: returns the random number of the specified variance .
Reference: stashes user information in the requestandresponse to reduce the number of queries and transactions .
Candidate: assigns a user to admin user user .
Reference: send a list of locations known by operations to the client
Candidate: location location location location location location location location location location location location location location location location location location location location location location location location location location location location location location
Reference: serializes an text node .
Candidate: serializes an text node .
Reference: allows to answer if given visual position points to soft wrap - introduced virtual space .
Candidate: returns true if the signature was attached to the previous compilation rules .
Reference: look for the requested cluster xml file in the resourcebundle ( classpath ) under < ee home dir > / config / < reqested_schema_name > - cluster . xml .
Candidate: runs file file associated file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file
Reference: used to determine if a task is valid . this is called each time the task is accessed . it checks if the sender / creator is valid . it
Candidate: build the state of the build it needs to build the cached state .
Reference: clear both rendering and picking queues .
Candidate: clear the rendering picking .
Reference: convenience method to advance parse position by 1
Candidate: returns the subarray of bytes from the specified subarray of the specified subarray .
Reference: specifies the current row / column ' s grow priority . < p > for a more thorough explanation of what this constraint does see the white paper or cheat
Candidate: specifies the column ' s < p / > < p / > this does thorough explanation of see what the constraint see for white or cheat
Reference: flush the buffer and set the offset to zero .
Candidate: flushes the contents of the stream .
Reference: generates a label for a pie section .
Candidate: computes the for for the series .
Reference: remove a graph listener
Candidate: remove an threshold classifier listener
Reference: fade in then play this audiosource
Candidate: the method is called in the sync bean .
Reference: convenience method to execute command without providing input or output .
Candidate: throws an exception for the specified .
Reference: increment the numeric badge label . if the current badge label cannot be converted to an integer value , its label will be set to " 0 " .
Candidate: increment the numeric badge label . if the current badge label cannot be converted to an integer value , its label will be set .
Reference: creates serviceconfiguration and loads it with populated attribute values loaded from provided inputstream property file .
Candidate: loads properties from a properties properties .
Reference: ensures there is enough space in the buffer for the given number of additional bytes .
Candidate: ensures there is enough space in the buffer for the given number of additional bytes .
Reference: splits a sentence ( on white space ) , then looks up the integer representations of each word using the supplied symbol table .
Candidate: add words to words to convert the capacity to
Reference: checks whether a list of actions is empty .
Candidate: determines whether the actions has a list of actions modifiable .
Reference: adds the specified string to the underlying dictionary
Candidate: put a string name and end of a source .
Reference: deep copy - make a deep copy of m [ ] [ ] .
Candidate: returns the array of the array of compressible functions .
Reference: tests whether one of choice alternatives has the same identifier or not .
Candidate: tests whether the one choice alternatives has the same identifier .
Reference: use to wait for a single message to arrive .
Candidate: waits until the log message messages .
Reference: initializes new date specified as a string in form mm / dd / yyyy .
Candidate: constructs a new date format .
Reference: copy file object from one place to another . can be used to copy file to file , or folder to folder .
Candidate: copies all open so that this is open that it is open that it is open . all all all all open all all all all all all all open
Reference: instantiates a new map objects .
Candidate: instantiates a new map .
Reference: reads vector of opaque values
Candidate: reads the vector opaque opaque values
Reference: encodes a string into its url safe form using the default string charset . unsafe characters are escaped .
Candidate: encodes a string into its url safe form using the default string charset . unsafe characters are escaped .
Reference: tests comparison of different number of attributes .
Candidate: tests comparison of different attributes .
Reference: increments the " keep - alive count " . the " keep - alive count " is the number of non - permanent remote objects that are either in the
Candidate: adds a tracker to the list of trackers .
Reference: factory method : collect or filter selected argument ( s ) .
Candidate: helper method to return the output output .
Reference: creates an in predicate using the specified values .
Candidate: constructs an instance of objects .
Reference: recursively deletes a file that may represent a directory .
Candidate: recursively deletes the contents of the file file .
Reference: loops through sort keys constructing the key statements .
Candidate: sorts the given cells in the given sortcount with the given column .
Reference: convert an ofinstructionexperimenter to string form . the string will be formatted in a dpctl / ofctl - style syntax .
Candidate: convert an ofinstructionexperimenter to a string .
Reference: add or replace an element type for this schema .
Candidate: add an element schema for this schema .
Reference: prints the relative magnitudes of the collected timer data to the standard output stream .
Candidate: prints the log magnitudes of all recent to the standard output .
Reference: creates a zookeeper client .
Candidate: creates client address to configure client .
Reference: optionally add cv numbers and bit numbers to tool tip text based on roster preferences setting . < p > needs to be independent of variablevalue methods to allow use
Candidate: this method that can be used for the purposes .
Reference: reads characters until the end character is encountered , ignoring escape sequences .
Candidate: escapes the given characters starting from the given string .
Reference: copies the given attributeset to a new set , converting any css attributes found to arguments of an html style attribute .
Candidate: if the the element is being for the given key . the is also used to the the model .
Reference: closes this input stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream . once the stream has been closed , further read ( ) , unread ( ) ,
Candidate: closes the underlying stream .
Reference: this function will install a trust manager that will blindly trust all ssl certificates . the reason this code is being added is to enable developers to do development using
Candidate: this function will install a trust manager that will blindly trust all ssl certificates . the reason this code is being added to enable developers to do development using
Reference: updates the amount on the document
Candidate: clears the interceptor lists maintained .
Reference: tests the creation of a dataset ( unique attribute names ) .
Candidate: add an attribute attribute creation .
Reference: redraw the panel with the legend entries
Candidate: add the panel and y components have have have have have have have have have have have have have have have have have have have have have have have have
Reference: evaluate the avt and return a string .
Candidate: evaluate the avt and return a string .
Reference: read the dex file from file , if the file is a zip file , it will return the content of classes . dex in the zip file .
Candidate: creates a new folders as a single file .
Reference: adds a listener to the set of listeners that are sent update events through the life of an animation . this method is called on all listeners for every frame
Candidate: adds a listener to the set of listeners that are sent through the life of an animation . this method is called on all listeners for every frame
Reference: tries to run a commercial on the given stream with the given length . outputs a message about it in the appropriate channel .
Candidate: called by the user .
Reference: imports a list of subtrees at the given position in the root of the tree .
Candidate: imports the list of subtrees at the of the list of the edge .
Reference: generates js code for a whilestatement .
Candidate: starts the in the argument in the argument .
Reference: calculates the incomplete gamma function for two doubles
Candidate: calculate the gamma distribution - bfloat .
Reference: add slots to list where slotactivateditem can be activated when equipped .
Candidate: returns no item in the operation .
Reference: attempts to convert the http verb into a textual representation of intent based on rest conventions
Candidate: extract the common conversion references to the common
Reference: turn the provided key into a hidden key . if the key is already a hidden key , return key .
Candidate: returns hidden key from the hidden key .
Reference: get a token identified by a string , and remove it from our map
Candidate: remove all all all relevant all all all all relevant all relevant all relevant all relevant all relevant all relevant all relevant all relevant all relevant all relevant all relevant
Reference: identifies whether the array containing type names given as argument explicitly refers to all types the empty or null array doesn ' t explicitly map to all types
Candidate: return true if the specified name is an assignable from the principal .
Reference: continued fraction expansion # 2 for incomplete beta integral .
Candidate: continued 2 expansion # for # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # #
Reference: reads text until the specified delimiter is encountered . consumes the text and the delimiter .
Candidate: returns the empty search for each of the specified element .
Reference: check existence of config section element
Candidate: returns true if the given key exists .
Reference: this class cannot be instantiated .
Candidate: create the instance of the instantiated .
Reference: true , if the node is a leaf .
Candidate: checks whether this node has leaf children . this method checks if it has leaf leaf leaf has leaf leaf has leaf leaf has leaf leaf leaf has leaf leaf
Reference: draws a shadow around the given rectangle .
Candidate: draws an area of an image model .
Reference: we only want the current page that is being shown to be focusable .
Candidate: we only want the current page that is being shown to be focusable .
Reference: returns true if all of the characters in the text are permitted for use in xml documents .
Candidate: indicates whether all characters are permitted in the text documents .
Reference: interrupts the specified thread , guarding against null . < p / >
Candidate: the method that interrupts the worker thread .
Reference: overridden to avoid exposing implementation details .
Candidate: serializes a string dn .
Reference: convenience method that creates a border layout container and places the given component in the east
Candidate: creates a component of vertices of a component component . a south of an component of a " component of a " component " " " of a component "
Reference: does an update and return the eventid generated . eventid is caught in the listener and stored in a static variable
Candidate: update the eventid generated in the eventid generated in the same eventid generated .
Reference: load a layout from a file . supports loading binary and xml serialized flow files
Candidate: load a xml flow only on an xml file without cleaning on a directory .
Reference: track the specified file , using the provided marker , deleting the file when the marker instance is garbage collected . the speified deletion strategy is used .
Candidate: adds the specified image to the the specified file .
Reference: evaluates the cf5 problem .
Candidate: evaluates the cf5 problem .
Reference: converts all separators to the unix separator of forward slash .
Candidate: converts all separators to the unix separator of forward slash .
Reference: checks if the extension contains a parameter .
Candidate: check if there exist with the given name
Reference: free memory up to the given windowid this method will be called by another thread . adding concurrency control to stream would impact the performance . this method only calculates
Candidate: verify that all objects contained in this bulk increasing that have the in increasing in increasing in increasing in increasing in increasing in increasing in increasing in increasing in increasing
Reference: returns true if the given identifier is a sql - 99 non - reserved keyword .
Candidate: returns true if the given identifier is reserved to 99 reserved reserved keyword .
Reference: sorts the specified list using the specified comparator . the algorithm is stable which means equal elements don ' t get reordered .
Candidate: sorts the given list of the array of the given comparator .
Reference: write the current root block to the journal and return its address to be stored in the commitrecord .
Candidate: constructs a new instance of used by getting the default values . < p / > this will be used to be used to be used to be used to
Reference: checks if the appendtaskname flag is set .
Candidate: indicates whether the forms is able to be able to get the tiles in the .
Reference: provides a java string literal representing the parameter string . this includes surrounding double quotes , and quoted special characters , including utf escape sequences when necessary . < p
Candidate: return the string representation of the given string .
Reference: makes a random cache entry .
Candidate: makes a random cache entry .
Reference: find the maximum of all elements in the array , ignoring elements that are nan .
Candidate: find the maximum of the elements in the given range .
Reference: tries to find out if the line finishes with an element start
Candidate: find the name in the specified name in the specified name .
Reference: parses a 64 - bit int .
Candidate: parses the stream from the file .
Reference: removes the instance at the given position .
Candidate: removes the last at from the last set .
Reference: extracts the accesskey from the given uri
Candidate: extracts the given name from the given name
Reference: do one transaction operation . because it will be called concurrently from multiple client threads , this function must be thread safe . however , avoid synchronized , or the
Candidate: this one safe to avoid one transaction . avoid old concurrently to avoid multiple other threads .
Reference: adds an unnamed value to the formatted output .
Candidate: adds an unnamed value to the formatted output .
Reference: copy the elements of an array , and remove one element .
Candidate: finds the eventid in the dispatcher .
Reference: constructs a webtopnaming $ sitemonitor object with the provided site urls .
Candidate: remove an item from separated list of strings .
Reference: calculates the union if two ip ranges .
Candidate: calculates the union if two ip ranges .
Reference: lookup a vertex by id .
Candidate: create a new lookup .
Reference: concurrent addition bound to long . max_value . any concurrent write will " happen " before this operation .
Candidate: returns the given value for the given thread .
Reference: start a monitor by providing a summary label and optionally a detail string . note this won ' t be called unless a label was passed .
Candidate: call this method to stop the window . the individual data is done .
Reference: computes the norm of a vector .
Candidate: returns the length of the original bubble .
Reference: harmonic accuracy - - average over all labels . multi - label only .
Candidate: computes the random number of all cells .
Reference: writes the entry ' s data fields in fcc format to an output stream .
Candidate: writes the to the the the to the .
Reference: creates a new instance of a closeablestaticbitmap .
Candidate: creates a new instance of a closeablestaticbitmap .
Reference: this reads in a label file and returns a string of the phonetic symbols , separated by the entry separator character entryseparator .
Candidate: join an quick join identified by reading from an join join join join join provider .
Reference: returns a copy of this set , with the given converter added . if a matching converter is already in the set , the given converter replaces it . if
Candidate: initializes this instance within the demo instance .
Reference: serializes the java objects of the configured list into a flow of sax events .
Candidate: create a document object object object object document object object object
Reference: sorts the given map and returns a subset which is constricted by a lower and an upper limit .
Candidate: returns the map containing the map and returns the smallest collation map and returns the map and returns the map and returns the map and returns the map containing the
Reference: displays the contents of this index .
Candidate: scans a list of the class . the java . .
Reference: compares the parameter from the api and the parameter from reflection .
Candidate: returns true if the given is a valid state .
Reference: generate random number of size n directly into num
Candidate: generate random number of n directly into num .
Reference: escape a string to create a valid json string
Candidate: escape a string to create a valid json string
Reference: writes the complete contents of this byte array output stream to the specified output stream argument .
Candidate: writes the complete contents of this byte array output stream .
Reference: this methods checks whether the headings hierarchy is well - structured
Candidate: determines the element of the the list of the element element information determines the determines the determines the determines the determines the determines the determines the determines the determines the
Reference: returns an iterator to navigate the elements of the array . since the array is an ordered list , the iterator navigates the elements in the order they were inserted
Candidate: returns an iterator over the elements in the navigate array in the array . the iterator navigates .
Reference: zoom the display in or out , depending on the direction of the mouse wheel motion .
Candidate: scan the list of scan the scan .
Reference: creates a new folder with a default folder name .
Candidate: creates a new folder with a default folder name .
Reference: the function name for val parser coverage checking is extracted from the first input
Candidate: appends the query val val urls .
Reference: if a new tag is encountered , check if it is of interest or not by seeing if it matches against our node tree . if we have deperted from
Candidate: this method is called when the xml node . this is called when each node is called at each node .
Reference: a method to determine the equivalence of any two markers .
Candidate: returns true if see if the given is is a label .
Reference: discretizes the continuous data in the given column using the specified cutoffs and category names . the following scheme is used . if cutoffs [ i - 1 ] <
Candidate: method all all all all
Reference: loads the workspace screen ids in an ordered list .
Candidate: loads the workspace workspace workspace
Reference: does the actual rendering of the included file
Candidate: create a new , using the settings , and
Reference: macro : expected : parses s , fmts
Candidate: parses the prompt prompt in the prompt prompt , fmts
Reference: checks repeated boolean field equality ; null - value and 0 - length fields are considered equal .
Candidate: checks repeated int field equality ; null fields are considered equal .
Reference: multiplies this matrix by a scale matrix with specified values .
Candidate: resize the given k in the given position .
Reference: changes the lock icon ' s image to whatever it currently is not . also changes the locked flag accordingly .
Candidate: change the state state the state position .
Reference: buffer polygons by buffering the individual boundary segments and either unioning or differencing them .
Candidate: creates the project from the that the the is contained together from the from the the . the end of the reflected from the .
Reference: computes the response time of the request that just finished for the local thread and updates the request response average in the last minute , and propagates to the request
Candidate: deletes all the expired entries from the user .
Reference: check if an user has auth to kibana
Candidate: check if the list of installed names .
Reference: remove all entries from the table list .
Candidate: returns true if all the objects are also this model .
Reference: returns an index for accessing arrays in this class .
Candidate: generate an instance of for accessing arrays .
Reference: load a file . < p > handles problems locally to the extent that it can , by routing them to the creationerrorencountered method .
Candidate: loads whether the data folders are attempted to load from the loaded file .
Reference: format the given parameter object into string .
Candidate: format the parameter string into the given string .
Reference: tests fix for bug # 66947 ( 16004987 ) - calling serverpreparedstatement . close ( ) twiche corrupts cached statements
Candidate: tests fix for bug # 20685022 with ssl connection using mysql # server and ssl results .
Reference: using the trigonometric unit circle , calculate the positions that the text will need to be drawn at based on the specified circle radius . place the values in the
Candidate: calculate the trigonometric unit circle to calculate the text positions based on the specified circle radius .
Reference: force buffered operations to the filesystem .
Candidate: force buffered operations to the filesystem .
Reference: method called to try to expand shared name area to fit one more potentially shared string . if area is already at its biggest size , will just clear the
Candidate: method called expand to expand shared area to fit at its biggest name to fit one more more more more more more more more more more more more more more
Reference: adds a general request property specified by a key - value pair . this method will not overwrite existing values associated with the same key .
Candidate: writes the the to the the the the the to the the the the .
Reference: updates the member client address .
Candidate: used to determine if the client are currently installed .
Reference: is table org level only
Candidate: only client level level
Reference: convenience method to decrement this trigger as a runnable .
Candidate: convenience method gets called when the trigger is a bound benefit to a runnable .
Reference: handles user interactions with the panel .
Candidate: handles actions within the property panel .
Reference: serializes the object into a byte buffer .
Candidate: private helper method to load a byte array of bytes and return a byte array as a byte array .
Reference: find the modulepointer that the string modname resolves to ; return null if either modname is not found in the context or if it is found and resolves to null
Candidate: resolves a a - that a - that is not - a same name . note that the not no - that no - that no - that no -
Reference: creates the instance of tls v1 connection state . all of the security parameters are provided by session object .
Candidate: creates the instance of tls v1 . security .
Reference: receive notification of the beginning of an element .
Candidate: receive notification of the beginning of an element .
Reference: adds a certificate store to the list of certificate stores that are used to find certificates and crls .
Candidate: adds a certificate to find the list of certificate stores to store the certificate store .
Reference: construct a nar class loader .
Candidate: initializes the searcher sequentially . the specified sequentially .
Reference: returns the basic block indicated by this node .
Candidate: this method does the indicated element of this element is useful for further processing strictly
Reference: returns an array of types , where original types got substituted given a substitution . only allocate an array if anything is different .
Candidate: find the next line of the the given and the the .
Reference: checks to see if the user is currently scrolling the menu .
Candidate: determines whether the touch point to a point .
Reference: tests whether a single filter in the merge descriptor is ignored because a filter with the same name already exists in the source descriptor .
Candidate: tests whether a single filter is correctly merged into an empty descriptor .
Reference: edge which leads to another non - accepting state .
Candidate: creates a new symbol simplex with the specified symbol .
Reference: generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack .
Candidate: push the output value of the stack .
Reference: helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
Candidate: helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
Reference: create an extended glyph array for the text between start and limit .
Candidate: create an instance of the textlinecomponents in the given text .
Reference: pads the string at the right with the specified character until it reaches the desired length . if the string is longer than this length , then it returns the
Candidate: find the string of the the substring of the string of the string of the string . if the string is longer occur at the the index of the string
Reference: ask whether we support a given dom feature . in fact , we do not _fully_ support any dom feature - - we ' re a read - only subset
Candidate: ask whether we support a dom dom re _fully_ support subset subset we ' re - a subset subset - dom subset .
Reference: atomically removes all of the elements from this queue . the queue will be empty after this call returns .
Candidate: atomically removes all of the elements from this queue . the queue will be empty after this call returns .
Reference: reads the value of a string enclosed in single quotes , skipping over the quotes and any leading spaces .
Candidate: parse the input comment and quote any characters in the input quote and any input characters and quote characters and the the passed as the incoming and the .
Reference: outputs the confusionmatrix as comma - separated values for easy import into spreadsheets
Candidate: lists for the in by the lists .
Reference: subtract two positive numbers of different length . the first is longer .
Candidate: subtract two negative numbers of different length . the first is longer .
Reference: assign an id value to this field .
Candidate: returns a new with the specified type .
Reference: writes a " int " value to an outputstream . the value is converted to the opposed endian system while writing .
Candidate: writes the value to an asn .
Reference: returns true if this lock is still open ie . has not been closed yet .
Candidate: returns true if this is closed .
Reference: same as performfind but now returning a list instead of an iterator extra parameters viewindex : startpage of the partial list ( 0 = first page ) viewsize : the
Candidate: extra map returning an instead of extra page of the list of map viewindex : startpage of 0 and list of the list of page . viewsize : page
Reference: converts a javax . xml . soap . soapelement to a string can be used for soapui requests be carefull : to convert a soapmessage sm , you must use
Candidate: convenience all flags leafs tags tags tags tags tags tags tags tags tags tags tags tags tags tags tags tags tags tags tags tags tags tags tags tags tags tags
Reference: closes the file writer and deletes the lockfile ( if possible ) .
Candidate: closes the xmlstreamreader implementation .
Reference: initializes this static object with the context of the calling activity .
Candidate: initializes the static object with the context of the calling activity .
Reference: compare two instances of the class mapped by this type for persistence " equality " . equality of the persistent state .
Candidate: finalizes the " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
Reference: write a booleans as one byte .
Candidate: writes a boolean to the target stream .
Reference: train the statistics of the chunker from a given file set .
Candidate: add the contents of the required oid .
Reference: test de busqueda open ldap con limite
Candidate: test de busqueda open ldap con atributos
Reference: constructs an array of control specifications possibly preceded , separated , or followed by ordinary strings . control strings begin with unpaired percent signs . a pair of successive percent
Candidate: constructs a basici18n object from the default locale .
Reference: funtions used - - - - - - - - - - - - - utility dmax , dmin
Candidate: returns the largest of the the given " .
Reference: append the contents of another faststringbuffer onto this faststringbuffer , growing the storage if necessary . < p > note that after calling append ( ) , previously obtained references
Candidate: append the contents of the faststringbuffer onto the faststringbuffer , growing the storage previously necessary . < p > note after calling append previously append previously previously previously previously previously
Reference: write a fixed - width 32 bit integer in network byte order ( big - endian ) .
Candidate: writes an integer value to the outputstream .
Reference: queue a cube load , running the specified callback when the load has finished . this may cause a two tick delay if the column has to be loaded ,
Candidate: load the load and load the load the load the load the load the load the load the local load the load the load one load the load the load
Reference: check availability of an object .
Candidate: determines if the provided predicate is enabled .
Reference: invoked when the button part is clicked .
Candidate: responds to the canceladd button
Reference: find largest message id as the current start point
Candidate: create a new instance in the remote hadoop thread .
Reference: removes a changelistener from this loader .
Candidate: removes a listener for changeevents .
Reference: exports a snapshot of the request log of the current thread and also resets the request log for that thread .
Candidate: write a log request to the log log log log log log log log log .
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: tries to decode the specified string .
Reference: thenacceptboth result completes exceptionally after exceptional completion of either source
Candidate: thencombine throws a exceptional if if if if if if if it throws throws throws throws throws throws throws throws throws a source if throws throws throws throws a source
Reference: transforms the given , comma - separated string into a defaultlistmodel .
Candidate: finds the attribute definition by the ldap name for finding the values for the given attribute .
Reference: test for bug [ 998765 ] exception with sybase and metadata . gettables ( )
Candidate: init all labels whose keys in a collection .
Reference: adds the specified collection at the end of the array .
Candidate: adds the specified collection at the end of the array .
Reference: reset the current file list for the logger .
Candidate: remove all checked from the list
Reference: initialize a new composestate .
Candidate: clears the default composestate .
Reference: creates toolbars for the application .
Candidate: based on your device of your device .
Reference: parses a date value . the formats used for parsing the date value are retrieved from the default http params .
Candidate: parses a date value for parsing formats the date value . the formats are retrieved from the default value params .
Reference: construct a new regular expression filter with the specified flags case sensitivity .
Candidate: construct a new regular expression filter with the specified flags case sensitivity .
Reference: this method is a thin wrapper for jdbc executequery ( ) . it exists primarily so that we can be assured of the properties of the resultset which is returned
Candidate: execute statement wrapper statement .
Reference: counts the written bytes .
Candidate: counts the output to the output stream .
Reference: url - encodes a nullable string , catching the useless exception that never happens .
Candidate: encode text as utf - 8 .
Reference: checks the existence of all necessary raw module tables .
Candidate: determines around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around
Reference: this method is used to convert the string value given to an appropriate representation . this is used when an object is being deserialized from the xml document and the
Candidate: returns the string representation of the specified value .
Reference: parses the supplied xsd : float string and returns its value .
Candidate: normalize an array of the array .
Reference: create an instance of the specified java content interface .
Candidate: create an instance of the specified interface .
Reference: starts a dialog that requests a password to the user to protect a share link .
Candidate: obtains new fileasynchttpresponsehandler against the temporary file file file file file . file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file
Reference: allocate objects until death
Candidate: initializes the size of the list .
Reference: puts the entry with the specified key into the cache .
Candidate: puts the entry with the specified key into the cache .
Reference: compute the enlargement obtained by adding an object to an existing object .
Candidate: compute the enlargement obtained by adding an object to the existing object .
Reference: intersect this clip with another region . as a result , this clip will become the intersecting area of the two regions .
Candidate: intersect this clip with another clip . this clip will become a intersecting area of the two regions .
Reference: indicates if convenience get method can be called without an exception being thrown for the int type .
Candidate: returns true if this is is an attempt .
Reference: adds a new waiter to wait queue .
Candidate: adds a new waiter to wait queue .
Reference: clears the ring buffer but moving the read position to the write position
Candidate: removes all elements from the manager .
Reference: returns the portion of its input that consists of xml safe chars .
Candidate: helper method to take the provided string .
Reference: compares a string linewise , i . e . ignores different linebreak characters . does this by incrementally reading all expected an actual lines and comparing them linewise .
Candidate: read a line by the line separator .
Reference: used internally to log a message about the class at level warning , in case an exception was thrown
Candidate: sends a logger message to the logger logger logger logger logger exception .
Reference: adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in
Candidate: adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in
Reference: prefix one of the registered nouns with an expression like " piece of " .
Candidate: adds an item at the specified index . if the should be added at the " name , if it was already matched , then example , return the "
Reference: clears the password expiration warned time .
Candidate: clears the password reset state .
Reference: returns a locale with the most - specific field removed , or null if this locale had an empty language , country and variant .
Candidate: returns an locale with the specific locale . this locale had or empty language , country , variant , variant .
Reference: append a representation of the time zone of ' calendar ' to ' buffer ' .
Candidate: append the time representation of the buffer to ' calendar ' .
Reference: remove listeners , believing that our bould flags are accurate and it removes only as declared .
Candidate: removes all listening permission object .
Reference: pads the given string to the left with spaces to ensure that it ' s at least totalchars long .
Candidate: pad a string based on the given string the minimum string of strings .
Reference: set whether to show scores on the plot lines
Candidate: brings the contents of the frame .
Reference: writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding for the vm .
Candidate: writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding for the vm .
Reference: the kernel helper function , called k ' in [ 1 ] and [ 2 ] .
Candidate: introduced through kernel kernel kernel node k explained by the next length k ] through additional length
Reference: gets connection from a pool .
Candidate: create database for prepared statement .
Reference: emits a method to clear a list or map . clearing the collections ensures that the collection is created .
Candidate: emits a method to clear a collection . clearing collections .
Reference: util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
Candidate: util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
Reference: start recording the gesture
Candidate: resets the cached state .
Reference: add input method listener
Candidate: clears the interceptor lists maintained by the processor .
Reference: add a fixed view to appear at the bottom of the list . if addfooterview is called more than once , the views will appear in the order they were
Candidate: add a fixed view to appear at the bottom of the list .
Reference: load the driver class for the given url , if the database url is known .
Candidate: method method . called method .
Reference: add a document to the lucene search index .
Candidate: add a search to the document .
Reference: add a command in the hash map .
Candidate: add an empty string to the list .
Reference: prints that the column is an auto increment column .
Candidate: prints the column column column column column column column .
Reference: save the gcm info to the preferences
Candidate: puts the the into the into the .
Reference: main worker run loop . repeatedly gets tasks from queue and executes them , while coping with a number of issues : 1 . we may start out with an
Candidate: main worker loop loop loop run number of loop loop loop loop loop loop . loop loop loop loop we may loop loop loop loop loop loop loop loop loop
Reference: write the block light to a buffer
Candidate: write the block light to the buffer
Reference: cas waitstatus field of a node .
Candidate: cas waitstatus field of a node .
Reference: execute a fulltextsearch from the request parameters
Candidate: execute the fulltextsearch .
Reference: returns the next token if it matches the specified pattern . the token will be both prefixed and suffixed by the delimiter that is currently being used ( or a
Candidate: returns the next token that will be used if the specified pattern and suffixed by the next delimiter that currently being currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently
Reference: add a new operation duration to this class . total is updated and calls is incremented
Candidate: add an integer value to the total duration . this operation will be incremented and total
Reference: paint the background of an uneditable control , e . g . a jlabel .
Candidate: paint the current of the current world .
Reference: adds default values to an existing attribute . the existing values in the attribute will be updated with new values .
Candidate: adds a service attribute schema .
Reference: return canonical form . pmusgrave - put a space between products ( preserves format of header )
Candidate: returns the string between the end of the topic .
Reference: called from manage resource page .
Candidate: indicates whether the forms is able to be able to get the tiles in the .
Reference: sets the list of directories where the resources come from . this is to properly pack the paths .
Candidate: this method will be used to read the current value .
Reference: helper method used to decode short unicode string , length for which actual length ( in bytes ) is known
Candidate: helper length length length length length length length length length length length length length length length length length length length length length length length length length length length length length
Reference: wrap type in class & lt ; & gt ; if usingclass = = true
Candidate: wrapper which can be used as an exception .
Reference: push an import href onto the stylesheet stack .
Candidate: push an import href onto the stylesheet stack .
Reference: returns a formatted string of the results .
Candidate: converts the comma - separated string into the form of the .
Reference: sorts the encapsulated test suites by their name in alphabetic order , then returns with the current ( sorted ) instance .
Candidate: returns the records in this class .
Reference: expand the array passed in by the multiple elements to add .
Candidate: add a single element to the array that the passed in the array .
Reference: adds a marker to this log with the specified name .
Candidate: adds a marker to this log with the specified name .
Reference: replaces a with b in c .
Candidate: escapes all occurrences of the given string .
Reference: this method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled , either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll . if you
Candidate: this method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled , either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll . if you
Reference: enables or disables the final button , so that it matches the current member variables .
Candidate: add the animation to the current button .
Reference: wsptypedecoder test , decode string appid test
Candidate: wsptypedecoder test , decode appid test byte
Reference: removes all children actions ( separators as well ) from the group .
Candidate: removes all actions of the children actions as well - clears the parent .
Reference: check is a file is writable . detects write issues on external sd card .
Candidate: check to see if the file is writable detects external sd card .
Reference: creates a gm : publishing_priority tag .
Candidate: creates a new paletteswatcheschooser
Reference: this method validates the relying party .
Candidate: do not implemented from the invocation collection . if not do not do not do not do not do not implemented . do not do not do not do not
Reference: rotate transformation about the z axis
Candidate: rotate transformation about the x axis
Reference: starts a default factory service for the given instance service . note that this will not start the instance service .
Candidate: gets api service service service gets service api service gets api service gets happening
Reference: notify the reader of available space in the pipe . if the writer is asleep , wake it .
Candidate: reads the data from our stream .
Reference: the first half of step 6 . this method creates constraints : a ) between the bounds of types that are already inferred and their inferred arguments b ) between
Candidate: creates an instance instance of event instance given event instance of event instance type event instance .
Reference: allows to answer how many columns are necessary for representation of the given char on a screen .
Candidate: returns the number of the given character .
Reference: constructs an instance with the value present .
Candidate: creates an object with the given duration .
Reference: construct an instance with the supplied configuration properties and specific topics / partitions / initialoffsets .
Candidate: construct a new .
Reference: this is not quite complete - we should follow up on the chain , a bit tricky if a certificate appears in more than one chain . . .
Candidate: this is up quite complete on a complete - tricky . this is not quite complete - tricky . this is not quite tricky , tricky , tricky , tricky
Reference: captures the group passed in by matching against a pattern .
Candidate: return a string representation of the annotation .
Reference: translates the line by p_vector
Candidate: construct brute mindist method and splits an int values into a canonical vector .
Reference: invokes the rejected execution handler for the given command . package - protected for use by scheduledthreadpoolexecutor .
Candidate: dispatches the results to the exception .
Reference: method that calculates space left for edittext when format text panel is visible
Candidate: calculates the size of size for size of size of size of size of size of size of size of size of size of size of size of size of
Reference: adds a pending ramming attack to the list for this phase .
Candidate: adds a pending displacement attack to the list for this phase .
Reference: turn an array of resource - colors ( contains resource - id integers ) into an array list of actual color integers
Candidate: turn an array of colors into an array of resource ( id ) into an array of integers
Reference: test configuration file property .
Candidate: write file file . .
Reference: generate the random salt bytes if required .
Candidate: processes the given bytes in the buffer .
Reference: add a projector listener .
Candidate: add a new listener to notify that they are dispatched .
Reference: selects from a list of tuple expressions the next tuple expression that should be evaluated . this method selects the tuple expression with highest number of bound variables , preferring
Candidate: iterate through the enumeration of the given of contains all subtrees matching contains the matching column . the matching contains the matching contains the matching contains matching matching the matching
Reference: writes the given phonenumber to the stream ( bcd coded )
Candidate: returns one one lines as one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one
Reference: add a message to the history
Candidate: adds the specified message to the list list .
Reference: start the executor for the given container
Candidate: sends to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to
Reference: convert a date time string ( e . g . , " 2011 - 06 - 07 19 : 12 : 18 " ) to a date object .
Candidate: converts a string to a string .
Reference: implementation of visitor pattern . takes the report for a guided tour through all information stored in the testinfo instance , from start of the test to all entries to
Candidate: force all pending entry .
Reference: reload the list of registered extensions , loading only the latest extension versions .
Candidate: add the extension of an extension to the . if there isn ' t ' t ' t already
Reference: start processing given node
Candidate: start start start start start
Reference: produces a string representation of the date in sql format
Candidate: produces a sql string representation of a date in a sql format .
Reference: clearbit ( int n ) inside a negative number
Candidate: clearbit ( int n ) inside a positive number
Reference: compare to a number of an greater scale
Candidate: compare to a number of an greater scale
Reference: reads a single character .
Candidate: reads the single character value from the input stream .
Reference: cancels the current completion , which means the state of the text is returned to what it was before completion and the info popup is closed if necessary .
Candidate: reset the dialog and shows the dialog .
Reference: after rotating , the matrix needs to be translated . this function finds the area of image which was previously centered and adjusts translations so that is again the center
Candidate: after rotating , the matrix needs to be translated . this function finds the area of image which was previously centered and adjusts translations so that is again the center
Reference: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Candidate: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Reference: if a proxy is used to access the odata web service this specifies it ' s host name / ip address .
Candidate: specify the default properties properties .
Reference: verifies that the setter methods are compliant with the naming convention .
Candidate: prints the specified field for the specified specified specified specified specified .
Reference: extracts element at current take position , advances , and signals . call only when holding lock .
Candidate: extracts current element at current position and advances signals . call only when holding lock .
Reference: get a random , positive float
Candidate: tries to random distinct template
Reference: attempt to parse string as a variation
Candidate: appends the specified record to the specified value .
Reference: resets all textbox indexes except those which are contained in the excludedlist
Candidate: removes all members from the set of breakpoints .
Reference: learn a device using the given characteristics .
Candidate: adjust the given encoded preview
Reference: returns a fresh copy of all data from level 0 buffers .
Candidate: returns the buffer to the specified buffer .
Reference: adds a forward reference to this label . this method must be called only for a true forward reference , i . e . only if this label is not
Candidate: adds a forward reference to this label . this method must be called only for a true forward reference , i . e . only if this label is not
Reference: returns the device type and software version
Candidate: look the map of map links map agent map .
Reference: counts the amount of times a certain character is part of a string
Candidate: how many times how many times in the string appears .
Reference: adds a background color to the given icon , if an icon and color is actually given , otherwise the original icon is returned .
Candidate: creates icon icon icon icon icon icon icon icon icon icon icon icon icon icon icon icon icon icon icon icon icon icon icon icon icon icon icon icon icon
Reference: read from instr up to a maximum number of bytes , throwing an exception if more the maximum amount of requested data is available .
Candidate: read the contents of a byte stream .
Reference: searches for the given target directory starting in the " plugins " subdirectory of the given location . if one is found then this location is returned ; otherwise an
Candidate: replaces the within conjunction with the normal pattern .
Reference: checks that preload - order - dependant caches has sync or async preloading mode .
Candidate: gets once once once once it gets once been yet running yet .
Reference: creates a new thread , and starts execution of the player .
Candidate: we indicates that we want to be in the logcat we indicates that we indicates that we indicates that we indicates that we indicates that we indicates that we indicates
Reference: removes the environment variable .
Candidate: adds the specified job .
Reference: calculates the minimal number of instances required to achieve a score as high as the given scorethreshold for the given lambda .
Candidate: calculate the mininal score as the high as a lambda scorethreshold for the given lambda .
Reference: returns the value on the top of the stack .
Candidate: returns the value on the top of the stack .
Reference: tests fail : always returns false . exceptions and tests on non numeric fields fail , feature only partially implemented . missing : test positive result
Candidate: tests fail : always returns false . exceptions partially implemented .
Reference: returns the index of the last directory separator character . < p > this method will handle a file in either unix or windows format . the position of the
Candidate: returns the index of the last directory separator character . < p > this method will handle a file in either unix or windows format . the position of the
Reference: utility method to determine whether the given point , in local coordinates , is inside the view , where the area of the view is expanded by the slop factor
Candidate: utility method to determine whether the given point , where the local coordinates is inside the view view , where the area is expanded by the slop factor
Reference: this test will check to see if all the partitionattributes are sent to the client . in case one partition comes late , we should fetch that when there is
Candidate: creates a new instance based on the instance of the can be saved on the instance .
Reference: local helper method to unroll variables in a type bounds array .
Candidate: finds the type of the given type of the type of the type of the given type .
Reference: delete a smart quota
Candidate: delete a delete
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table trash
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table user_roles
Reference: method to create a basic http base64 encrypted authentication header
Candidate: attempt to read the ldap string from ldap string according to [ ] .
Reference: adds a new extent entry .
Candidate: updates the mode of buttons in the menu .
Reference: if this transport network is already built and cached , fetch it quick
Candidate: create an instance from the given file
Reference: returns the number of unprocessed tokens remaining in the string .
Candidate: returns the number of unprocessed tokens remaining in the string .
Reference: ask sax to read and verify a file
Candidate: performs the entire file file file file file contents file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file
Reference: is all granted boolean .
Candidate: granted permissions .
Reference: fires a event on the executor thread
Candidate: used to execute the runnable to the worker thread .
Reference: get the next message from the outgoing queue and send it over the network .
Candidate: indicate if the session is executed when no shell peers .
Reference: use onsizechanged instead of onattachedtowindow to get the dimensions of the view , because this method is called after measuring the dimensions of match_parent & wrap_content . use this dimensions
Candidate: use onsizechanged instead of onattachedtowindow to get the dimensions of the view , because this method is called after measuring the dimensions of match_parent & wrap_content . use this dimensions
Reference: tells this mapper to use an attribute for this field .
Candidate: add a field field to the list of field .
Reference: checks if is session token .
Candidate: checks whether the given contains a given modifier .
Reference: this returns the root mean squared error of two data sets
Candidate: computes the predicted for the r / q , r , r , r , r , r , r , r , r , r , r , r
Reference: write data to given buffer , like serialize
Candidate: read data from given buffer , given buffer .
Reference: creates account details map
Candidate: helper method for testing a curve .
Reference: rotates the subtree so that its root ' s left child is the new root .
Candidate: rotates the subtree so that its root ' s left child is the new root .
Reference: byte compaction mode ( see 5 . 4 . 3 ) permits all 256 possible 8 - bit byte values to be encoded . this includes all ascii characters value
Candidate: this compaction mode ( see 5 . 3 . 4 ) permits all 256 possible values to 8 . all byte bit to be encoded to be encoded ascii characters
Reference: updates the primary loop iteration control of the experiment
Candidate: enables the change of the buttons change the change change change change change change the change change change change change change change change change change change change change change change
Reference: adds a recorded value .
Candidate: adds a recorded value .
Reference: the graphical representation of a series .
Candidate: the graphical representation of a series .
Reference: checks a class signature .
Candidate: checks a class signature .
Reference: builds the select command apdu from a cardlet ' s app id : - builds the cardlet ' s aid appending the fidesmo prefix and a suffix - builds the
Candidate: retrieve the longest if we need retrieve it into it .
Reference: finds the corresponding resources and reads them in as a properties files < p / > any url that cannot be read in as a properties file will be added
Candidate: reads a file and the ids in the file . < p / cannot be found in the classpath .
Reference: should only be invoked from projectcomparisonentry
Candidate: adds entry to listen for availability presentation
Reference: creates a new source object from a url
Candidate: does a everything contain using the provided string to contain the other path .
Reference: adds a new zoom listener .
Candidate: adds a new zoom listener .
Reference: tests whether a single servlet is correctly merged into a descriptor that already contains the definition of an other servlet .
Candidate: tests whether a single servlet is correctly merged into an empty descriptor .
Reference: extract the regular expression associated with this recursive production . fails if there are references to other productions in coeffs .
Candidate: generates the optional of the regular expression .
Reference: sets the flag that indicates whether all objects are finalized when the vm is about to exit . note that all finalization which occurs when the system is exiting is
Candidate: sets all the flag flag indicates the indicates that indicates that indicates that indicates that indicates that indicates that indicates that indicates that indicates that indicates that indicates that indicates
Reference: adds an amidentity object to this search result .
Candidate: add a new to to a new container .
Reference: registers a quickfix which would be available during batch mode only , in particular during com . intellij . codeinspection . defaulthighlightvisitorbasedinspection run
Candidate: adds a annotation to a particular .
Reference: creates a new file zip entry with the specified name .
Candidate: create the specified file with the specified graphics ' s pathname at the built with the specified offset pathname .
Reference: runs the test case .
Candidate: generates the exception of data .
Reference: the start of the document .
Candidate: add the element value into the list of
Reference: helper method used for debugging to dump the current window ' s layout hierarchy .
Candidate: write a long for the given synchronization of the given file .
Reference: registers an observer to be notified on routing rules changes .
Candidate: adds the preference parameters to the list of observers . passing null won ' t safe failed .
Reference: send a heartbeat with the updated pods to other servers in the cluster . this call wakes the heartbeat service to send the actual heartbeat .
Candidate: sends a heartbeat this engine keeping every engine
Reference: writes message to to the output stream .
Candidate: writes the to output stream .
Reference: initializes an ssl engine .
Candidate: instantiates a http web stream .
Reference: constructs a new offsetrandomaccesssource
Candidate: create a new instance simplex .
Reference: create a parser for the named program . automatically adds the - help option .
Candidate: splits a sequence of vertices containing all vertices transitions of a sequence iterator over all vertices of each sequence of equivalent through sequence of vertices sequence of each sequence of
Reference: setbit ( int n ) outside zero
Candidate: setbit ( int n ) inside leftmost bit in a negative number
Reference: this method will convert boolean [ ] to string with comma separated . this needs to be done as sort step meta only supports string types .
Candidate: helper method to convert unix to to to to to use in this method .
Reference: draws an axis line at the current cursor position and edge .
Candidate: draws an line at the edge at the axis axis .
Reference: save a model in xstream deep object serialized xml form .
Candidate: save a model in koml model .
Reference: sort the spans in ascending order by their start position . after the spans are sorted collapse any spans that intersect into a single span . the result is a
Candidate: removes all members from the list of nodes .
Reference: split the data set randomly .
Candidate: the the distance between the graph and
Reference: drops a prefix from a path if it exists or returns original path if prefix does not match .
Candidate: drops a prefix with the given path path .
Reference: publish / send a message to an mqtt server
Candidate: mqtt the mqtt topic on the mqtt topic on the mqtt topic .
Reference: adds the given adaptable object to this list .
Candidate: removes the children from the list of
Reference: creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the first stream followed by all the elements of the second stream . the resulting stream is ordered
Candidate: creates a list of elements concatenated stream , followed elements are the elements of the elements . the resulting stream is ordered .
Reference: compares the values of actual and expected .
Candidate: compares true if the expected values are expected .
Reference: sets the request ' s forceauth parameter .
Candidate: should be used to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be be
Reference: fetch the user details for the user credentials . a token or password is required to validate the user .
Candidate: fetch the user details to the password .
Reference: stop replicator node manager jmx service .
Candidate: stop all the connection manager .
Reference: dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used
Candidate: dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used
Reference: the implementation for pushmessageasync ( ) function .
Candidate: the implementation for pushmessageasync ( ) function
Reference: write data to characteristic , and send to remote bluetooth le device .
Candidate: write to characteristic characteristic , and send to remote bluetooth le device .
Reference: returns the jsdoc format of link to the element .
Candidate: resolves a file name to a root element .
Reference: this function reads an inputstream line - by - line and converts each line into an object using a transformer that is passed as a parameter .
Candidate: loads a file into a specified file . it does not utf - 8 .
Reference: removes the first occurrence of the specified element from this array , if it is present . if the array does not contain the element , it is unchanged .
Candidate: removes the copy of the specified element in this stack . returns true if the element is currently in the stack .
Reference: send a stream ' s byte [ ] tuples in a websocket binary message .
Candidate: send a stream in a websocket message .
Reference: perform sorting according to sort type
Candidate: sort the given neurons .
Reference: decides whether it needs to escape xml special characters for attribute values or not .
Candidate: returns true if the entity is acting as this entity .
Reference: calculate and store path constraints for an individual
Candidate: test helper method to test the test to the purposes .
Reference: test of a journal on which a single index has been register ( and the journal committed ) but no data was written onto the index .
Candidate: test on a test journal on on a test data on on on a test . on the test journal on test . on the data . on on the
Reference: checks if class loader is an internal p2p class loader .
Candidate: returns true if the threads thread is running threads .
Reference: remove the remove_subj_trailers subj - trailer = " ( fwd ) " / wsp
Candidate: this the number of of this " mark " number of the first time estimates of the number of time digits .
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table invitation
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table user_roles
Reference: step to the next input stream .
Candidate: checks if there is more than one or trying to the current input stream .
Reference: bitmap transfer to bytes
Candidate: make the given bitmap for the given bitmap with the given quality string .
Reference: inflate a short name into a full gdata uri using gprefix ( ending in " # " ) . names that already look like uris are left alone . for
Candidate: returns an instance of the specified ' ' s null .
Reference: add a warning event handler . high priority handlers only get high priority warnings , and they are notified first . other handlers gets all warnings after high priority handlers
Candidate: registers a threat handler .
Reference: readobject is called to restore the state of the servicepermission from a stream .
Candidate: readobject is called to restore the state of the propertypermission from a stream .
Reference: prints a string to the stream , encoded as utf - 8 with preceeding length
Candidate: prints a string to the stream , encoded as utf - 8 . preceeding length
Reference: clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above
Candidate: clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above
Reference: writes the xml attribute name / val . a null val means that the attribute is missing .
Candidate: writes a pair of the specified name .
Reference: translate attributes that describe an attribute syntax definition into the string description as defined in rfc 2252 .
Candidate: qdescrs copy of the attributes of a string .
Reference: writes an nio buffer to the socket .
Candidate: writes the bytes to the . .
Reference: skips the annotation member value at the current position in the specified byte buffer . the cursor of the byte buffer must point immediately after the tag in a "
Candidate: skips the byte of the annotation in the " byte buffer " in the specified byte value in the byte array the point point at the specified point in the
Reference: recursive method to run through all child nodes and , for each result set tuple returned by a child node , execute the inner child of the child node until
Candidate: handles the completion of the the state .
Reference: generates the external matsim config file with the specified parameter settings
Candidate: fetches the blocksnapshot exports from the to the the from the to the from the values to the strings to the from the to be generated from the to the
Reference: awaits the next http request , removes it , and returns it . callers should use this to verify the request sent was as intended .
Candidate: awaits the next http request , and removes the request . . callers should use this request verify that the sent was intended to the request
Reference: returns the closest column to the passed in location .
Candidate: decompress the description of the items in the next .
Reference: given a java . io . file representing a directory , list all the files underneath that directory matching the given filenamefilter .
Candidate: filters recursively all files filters in the filter directory .
Reference: generate the drop statement for a table .
Candidate: appends a comma - separated string to the string .
Reference: register the child listeners on the child preference stores .
Candidate: register all live ranges interested in the listeners structures .
Reference: returns whether the specified scroll is out of bounds
Candidate: returns true if there is no more .
Reference: this method updates the store to allow point lookups using the non - key field ( s ) . it loops through all the fields for a dimension ( ignores
Candidate: put the given field pair can be put any pair pair can put any pair pair can put any field pair can be put any pair pair field pair .
Reference: returns all instructions which are somewhat " relevant " for the returned object of the method . the instructions are visited backwards - starting from the return statement . load
Candidate: call all instructions of all instructions .
Reference: checks if latest call to acquire / release was called on this node . should only be called from update method .
Candidate: compares the index at the specified index .
Reference: if deltay > 0 , trytomove the content down
Candidate: if deltay > 0 , trytomove the content down
Reference: compareto ( biginteger a ) . compare two negative numbers . the first is less in absolute value .
Candidate: compareto ( biginteger a ) . compare two positive numbers .
Reference: delete a point at a certain point in the polygon coordinate list . if the position is less than zero , the deleted point will be the starting point .
Candidate: create an optional text out of a output stream , i . the results of the grid symbol is a when a grid is a non - ascii tab ,
Reference: deletes all characters up to the leftmost whitespace from the cursor ( including the whitespace ) . if something is selected then delete the selection . todo : maybe expensive
Candidate: checks whether the is s is is not able to read the next path .
Reference: cumulative density , static version
Candidate: cumulative version cumulative static version .
Reference: read in continuous dataset .
Candidate: ensures that the given dataset relative dataset .
Reference: fc port value from indication sourceinstancesystemname : symmetrix + 000198700406 + fa - 1e iscsi port value from indication sourceinstancesystemname : symmetrix + 000198700406 + se - 1g
Candidate: generates a string version of the " " urls . " fmt_list " parameter " parameter " parameter " parameter " parameter " parameter " parameter " parameter " parameter
Reference: returns true if the paths are contiguous , or this object has no rowmapper .
Candidate: returns true if all paths of this returns true if the conditions of paths .
Reference: creates a new string reader .
Candidate: creates a new string with the given string .
Reference: returns the array element holding the bit value for the given integer
Candidate: returns the holding element from the given value for the given value .
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: private method to update styles .
Candidate: a a a text to a a label .
Reference: each row or line at least show one child horizontal only show child can show or partly show in parent
Candidate: sets the width of the to the the , the will be truncated to the width , and the width will be up to the width of the width ,
Reference: causes current thread to wait until another thread invokes the method or the method for this object . in other word ' s this method behaves exactly as if it
Candidate: waits for a single thread . this method waits if the thread is synchronized as a complete thread .
Reference: adds a field to run the query string against with a specific boost .
Candidate: this method adds a field to the provided string . note : it goes interesting .
Reference: return a string formatted as format
Candidate: format a string formatted string .
Reference: initializer for property streambuffersize .
Candidate: initializer for property maxpings .
Reference: the numbers here are 0 to maxsensors , not 1 to maxsensors .
Candidate: here numbers to 0 to maxsensors , 1 not 1 . maxsensors not to maxsensors .
Reference: parse the supplied string as a number .
Candidate: writes a double value into a 0 . if a value is not a a 0 is 0 , 0 to 0 to 0 to 0 to 0 to 0
Reference: return the probe ' s next sample .
Candidate: computes the probe ' s the next . e . g . does not the adapter .
Reference: perform the keyword substitution .
Candidate: apply a double version mapping from a map .
Reference: constructs a keyimpl from a password .
Candidate: a a a a a a
Reference: add the standard annotations encoded in the tag bits to the recorded annotations .
Candidate: method to remove an own operation .
Reference: gets a text descrption of the result producer .
Candidate: gets a text descrption of the result producer .
Reference: process main logic for create file
Candidate: list of the list of separated list of
Reference: check if a new direction matches the existing one , and if so , reset the expiration point .
Candidate: check true if the the has the the gesture .
Reference: this method is used to parse the provided xpath expression . when parsing the expression this will trim any references to the root context , also any trailing slashes are
Candidate: parses the given path into a buffer .
Reference: makes the given variable name available .
Candidate: makes the given variable available .
Reference: reads magic + share key version without verification
Candidate: ends writing and writing positions of the header data header and positions the data .
Reference: util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
Candidate: util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
Reference: returns true if the specified css media type is unsupported , false otherwise
Candidate: checks if the given string is the user ' s upper / lower case .
Reference: traverse the dependency structure beginning from all " roots " , i . e . non - governed tokens .
Candidate: build a element that all of the views that is responsible for a constraints .
Reference: todo this is a temporary workaround for https : / / bugs . eclipse . org / bugs / show_bug . cgi ? id = 83600 and https : /
Candidate: todo : generates a unique opcode https : / / eclipse / bugs . org / show_bug . cgi / bugs .
Reference: returns network availability status .
Candidate: indicates availability network .
Reference: returns a string thats " regexpish " ( contains lots of operators typically found in regular expressions ) if you call this enough times , you might get a valid
Candidate: generates a random instance of a given .
Reference: creates and persists specified partition value entities . this method also creates and persists a partition key group entity , if it does not exist .
Candidate: creates a list of partition list of a list of partition partition .
Reference: returns the text of this gpathresult .
Candidate: returns the string representation of the texteditor .
Reference: registers a runnable to run on low memory events
Candidate: create a new thread for a thread thread .
Reference: writedata - - output the completed modbus message to dout
Candidate: writedata - - output this modbus message to dout .
Reference: extracts the hard reference from the soft / weak reference given
Candidate: soft method that take an object to the soft object .
Reference: formats a long value . for example : input = 1234567 / output = 1 , 234 , 567 .
Candidate: returns the number of the given number .
Reference: removes the contribution of the given addon
Candidate: removes the contribution of the given addon
Reference: copy the next page to the output stream .
Candidate: initialize the file from the specified file with the specified file .
Reference: write part of an array of bytes .
Candidate: write part of an array of bytes .
Reference: used to confirm valid backupstatus data . confirms fix for defect # 45657
Candidate: helper all nodes for the node in the different id .
Reference: handle request sent with a wrong binding
Candidate: handle a wrong procedure request .
Reference: checks that the machine is in one of the given states . throws if it isn ' t .
Candidate: asserts that the current state of the the current state that the the current state of the the current state of the the current state of the the current state
Reference: sort movies inside this movie set by using either the sort title , release date or year .
Candidate: re - triggered .
Reference: create a parser that uses the given regexes to parse a list of key value pairs .
Candidate: instantiates a new variable for a variable context .
Reference: poll the statistics broker plugin
Candidate: get the statistics statistics statistics
Reference: appends the extension to the filename , in case it is missing .
Candidate: determines if the specified file has been specified .
Reference: calculates icon that is closest to the vertical axis in reference to the current icon . example of the check order for keycode_dpad_down : [ ] [ ] [ ]
Candidate: calculates icon to the vertical axis that the keycode_dpad_down : [ ] ] [ ] ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ]
Reference: returns true if the edge and the cell ( including boundary ) intersect .
Candidate: returns true if the edge ( the cell boundary cell ) cell intersect .
Reference: create a tree for deciding what keys can legally be typed .
Candidate: create a tree for deciding what keys can legally be typed .
Reference: displays navigator state information in the status overlay views .
Candidate: displays navigator state information in the overlay views .
Reference: returns the name of js type for the given typeref .
Candidate: returns a probability of the given name of the given typeref .
Reference: puts the entry with the specified key into the cache .
Candidate: puts the entry with the specified key into the cache .
Reference: converts state machine definition to state machine domain object and saves in db .
Candidate: side side side side side side side side side side side side side side side side side side side side side side side side side side side side side side
Reference: calculates a quantitative , square root scaled layout .
Candidate: calculates the quantitative , linearly , linearly .
Reference: method called when layer detects that it has been removed from maphandler , assumes it ' s being thrown away . use this method to let go of everything and
Candidate: does non - clean ( ) does not clean - non - null ) . does not clean - empty ( ) does not clean - empty ( ) does
Reference: reads the default serializable field value for this instance , followed by the registrar ' s service id encoded as specified by the serviceid . writebytes method . verifies that
Candidate: reads the default serializable field values for this instance followed by the registrar ' s service id encoded as the serviceid . writebytes method .
Reference: returns a right - pointing triangle of the given dimenisions .
Candidate: returns a down - pointing triangle of the given dimenisions .
Reference: lookup a terminal by name string .
Candidate: find a name of a particular name .
Reference: method to create a new layoutblock if the layoutblock does not exist returns null if a layoutblock with the same systemname or username already exists , or if there is
Candidate: used to add an element instances to used to block if passed to calculate it is used to calculate it ' s system instances to be used to calculate it
Reference: allow user to alter certain values in software such as colour , please note all color and text highlighting values are static and common across the jvm
Candidate: does not support for the double .
Reference: this function will escape special characters within a string to ensure that the string will not be parsed as a regular expression . this is helpful with accepting using input
Candidate: put constant into into constant
Reference: constructs a char buffer with the given initial string
Candidate: constructs a char buffer with the given initial char .
Reference: updates the ui state for opt out promo .
Candidate: updates the ui state for opt out promo .
Reference: create a new geometry objects .
Candidate: creates a new fast buffer using the given hash implementation .
Reference: remember to clean the is_new flag
Candidate: notify all data to the database .
Reference: tell whether the so is extracted .
Candidate: tell whether the so is extracted .
Reference: perform all munge completion tasks that are required no matter the configuration . its important that finishcommon be the last finish method called because it is the one that restores
Candidate: removes an existing after a copy of a after a after a existing after after a after a after a after a after a after a after a after a
Reference: display message if in gui mode
Candidate: this method will be a or a specific work of the label .
Reference: dynamic init . table layout , visual , listener
Candidate: brings dynamic initial initial
Reference: recursively walks the file tree of a directory .
Candidate: read the single network of an external network in the external stream .
Reference: lays out springs that have a baseline along the baseline . all others are centered .
Candidate: lays out springs of the . .
Reference: reads the int value from the json array for specified index
Candidate: puts the value from the specified value .
Reference: add a property change listener
Candidate: add a property change listener
Reference: removes a dependent preference on this preference .
Candidate: removes a dependent preference on this preference .
Reference: validates the storage policy selection . this method also trims the request parameters .
Candidate: validates the database from the database . must have been set .
Reference: returns a description of the clusterer as a string .
Candidate: describe the string representation of the classifier .
Reference: returns a new array of the given component type ( possibly a java primitive ) that is a copy of the content of the given collection .
Candidate: converts an native native native native native type to the native collection .
Reference: returns an exception which indicates problem files nicely .
Candidate: returns the specified of the specified file .
Reference: computes the distances of all the node from the specified root node . also keeps track of the predecessors of each node traversed as well as the order of nodes
Candidate: computes the weights , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
Reference: returns a string representation for the specified float value . the argument is converted to a readable string format as follows . all characters and characters in strings mentioned below
Candidate: returns the string representation of the argument . the argument mentioned . the argument argument is below the string is nan .
Reference: gets the current column position of this log stream .
Candidate: rounds the position at the specified position 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Reference: constructs a new batchedimagerequest object
Candidate: constructs a new batchedimagerequest object
Reference: adds a new frequency
Candidate: adds a new frequency frequency .
Reference: parses an element with the given parser .
Candidate: parses the given element with the given parser .
Reference: slices the intervals into smaller intervals of the timegrain duration .
Candidate: find the next comment count . < p > note : find the next time count is not find the next count count is not find the next count count
Reference: util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
Candidate: util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
Reference: runs the test case .
Candidate: generates the exception of data .
Reference: determine if the expression contains a verb in gerund form .
Candidate: determine if the expression consists of adjectives or adverbs .
Reference: tell the user of an error , and probably throw an exception .
Candidate: tell the user of the user probably throw an exception .
Reference: creates a new request with the given parameters .
Candidate: specifies a request request to the request request .
Reference: runs the test case .
Candidate: runs the test case .
Reference: download all the tlog files to the temp tlog directory .
Candidate: updates the route for the route route config .
Reference: reads the attributes of an open file
Candidate: creates a new from a given input .
Reference: utility method for subclasses .
Candidate: this method to the recording in the currently in the in the case of the conditions in the in the checker of the conditions in this checker .
Reference: create a panel containing a checkbox .
Candidate: opens the and returns the the button and marked the the .
Reference: this is a utility method which copies the given src event to the given destination event .
Candidate: just update to certain graphical with respect to the settings settings .
Reference: assigns the current probability values to the instances in the database and compute the expectation value of the current mixture of distributions . computed as the sum of the logarithms
Candidate: do the the . covariance . .
Reference: converts all separators to the unix separator of forward slash .
Candidate: converts all separators to the unix separator of forward slash .
Reference: gets the value of the uri as a string , returns null if the uri is null .
Candidate: returns a string value .
Reference: creates a new kernel object with the specified offset and values .
Candidate: constructs a new value of the specified value .
Reference: initialize the work list . a congruence class gets put on the work list if any two nodes in the class point to corresponding targets in separate partitions .
Candidate: find a new congruence class , which congruence class .
Reference: removes the imported names before linking and cleans other caches attached to the ast .
Candidate: assert that might need to ensure that need to ensure that need to ensure that might be used sync .
Reference: runs the dvcs command for adding a new file , e . g . ' git add ' .
Candidate: register a log file for the specific id .
Reference: called whenever an item in the tree has been expanded .
Candidate: gets the the to the the
Reference: converts a string containing a mathematical expression in infix form to postfix form . the result is stored in the vector m_postfixexpvector
Candidate: tests whether or found found information found found found found found found found found found found found found found found found found found found found found found found found found
Reference: determine if the object provide is in this adapter
Candidate: returns true if the object object has the specified object .
Reference: determines if a kvno matches another kvno . used in the method findkey ( etype , version , keys ) . always returns true if either input is null or
Candidate: check if the inner works between two rectangles requires v1 v1 v1 v1 v1 v1 v1 v1 v1 v1 v1 v1 v1 v1 v1 v1 v1 v1 v1 v1 v1
Reference: override if you want to get notified if the url connection fails to close . does nothing by default .
Candidate: removes a new member from the given root .
Reference: processes an xml schema & lt ; complextypegt ; tag
Candidate: this the element of the element element . xml element .
Reference: pushes a new level of annotators references and base the new one on the given values .
Candidate: put the stack on the stack .
Reference: returns the compact version string for this product , suitable for use in path names and similar cases .
Candidate: returns the version of product wiki page .
Reference: sequences the given query .
Candidate: sequences a bounded bounded in the query .
Reference: expunge stale entries from the table .
Candidate: expunge stale entries from the table .
Reference: get a sublist of all of the elements in the list except for first .
Candidate: convenience method to operates on a list elements .
Reference: create a list of integers consisting of the ranges defined by the provided argument e . g . . createranges ( 1 , 4 , 10 , 12 ) means
Candidate: initialize a list of integers consisting of ranges consisting of ranges consisting of ranges consisting of ranges consisting of ranges consisting of ranges consisting of ranges consisting of ranges consisting
Reference: tear down after testing .
Candidate: tear down after testing .
Reference: look at the object received in a maphandler status message and disconnect from it if necessary .
Candidate: layer through the layer layer from the layer through the layer . lets the layer layer lets the layer layer lets the layer layer through layer layer lets the layer
Reference: recalculated the estimatedcompletiondate property . use the quantity and the estimatedstartdate properties as entries parameters . < br / > read the listroutingtask and for each recalculated and update the
Candidate: copy all copy ' s objects for the given date .
Reference: add a document type to the document type list .
Candidate: adds a new to a new focused topic .
Reference: checks database metadata to see if a table exists . try upper , lower , and mixedcase , to see if the table is there .
Candidate: checks if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if
Reference: runs the test case .
Candidate: runs the test case .
Reference: returns the position of the next token after position pos in specification spec if that token exists and is in the pluscal algorithm ; otherwise , it returns null .
Candidate: helper function : mixed pad helper expressions at mixed position duplicate expressions taps . duplicate expressions in duplicate line . duplicate expressions too lines . duplicate line too duplicate expressions
Reference: method is called from update cycle , perform all tasks in gl thread
Candidate: listen partitions to listen on applying the partitions .
Reference: determine the highest posterior density for a list of values . the hpd is the smallest interval containing the required amount of elements .
Candidate: converts incoming to according to the ratio of ratio
Reference: checks if directories exist
Candidate: this method browses to the file .
Reference: reads the bytecode of a class .
Candidate: reads the bytecode of a class .
Reference: allocates existing ports to the already allocated context ( only ) . these ports may be from different networks and are not necessarily part of the pool of ports we
Candidate: gets the for for the given shop ten taking for the given latitude and longitude
Reference: the graphical representation of a series .
Candidate: the graphical representation of a series .
Reference: converts internal representation into an actual string .
Candidate: converts an internal string representation into an actual array .
Reference: write a set of long objects
Candidate: writes the contents of the list .
Reference: tells whether a given attribute is defined .
Candidate: checks whether a given attribute attribute is defined .
Reference: shows preloading stage with scene while fxgl is being configured .
Candidate: shows the mouse buttons .
Reference: removes all mappings from this map , leaving it empty .
Candidate: removes all mappings from this map , leaving it empty .
Reference: removes the key ( and its corresponding value ) from this map . this method does nothing if the key is not in the map .
Candidate: removes the key from the given key .
Reference: test copy of an stream containing exactly one block ' s data .
Candidate: copy a copy of containing one block more data .
Reference: runs the test case .
Candidate: runs the test case .
Reference: fill out a given four - byte array with the ipv4 address specified in the given string
Candidate: convert a string representation to an ip address .
Reference: evaluates the cf2 problem .
Candidate: evaluates the cf2 problem .
Reference: emits an " end " line for a successful reply .
Candidate: start a line for a start .
Reference: add the header values to the supplied connection .
Candidate: the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
Reference: adds a long selection listener . events sent to the listener have long start and end points .
Candidate: triggered when the validation service is triggered triggered triggered triggered will be triggered triggered triggered triggered triggered triggered triggered triggered triggered triggered triggered triggered triggered triggered triggered triggered triggered triggered
Reference: output a blank line
Candidate: prints a blank line .
Reference: convert to string for debugging
Candidate: returns a string representation of this filterpred .
Reference: re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
Candidate: re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
Reference: set the debug facility up for a specific client
Candidate: constructs a client client .
Reference: alter the case of this element so that it is rendered according to whatever the value of case_type is . default is mixedcase
Candidate: convert a value to to the map .
Reference: return true if a distributed ack message is required . on the client side of a transaction , this returns false , while returning true elsewhere .
Candidate: returns true if the filter needs to be written in the oplog .
Reference: returns the string representation of this vector .
Candidate: returns the string representation of this vector .
Reference: add a reporter icon to the panel
Candidate: produces a single for a small , which is always produces a single cell .
Reference: draws zoom rectangle ( if present ) . the drawing is performed in xor mode , therefore when this method is called twice in a row , the second call
Candidate: resets the state of the the state .
Reference: determines the height of this view
Candidate: determines the height of this view
Reference: construct a new exception with the specified root cause .
Candidate: construct a new exception with the specified cause .
Reference: checks if an initiator has connectivity to a storage system in a varray .
Candidate: verify that the provided user has the provided initiator to the backend initiator modifier .
Reference: handles thumb selection and movement . notifies listener callback on certain events .
Candidate: handles thumb selection and movement . notifies callback callback .
Reference: construct a new derivation from a node of interest .
Candidate: matches a single object for a single object .
Reference: plus ( mathcontext ) for a positive bigdecimal
Candidate: negate ( mathcontext ) for a negative bigdecimal
Reference: test negative number of radix 24
Candidate: test negative number of radix 16
Reference: converts an antrl or ast into a filter or ast .
Candidate: converts the antrl and ast into an ast .
Reference: a copy of displaypanel except returning a subclass of window . here to temporarily resolve ongoing conflict between classes using generic frame and classes using window .
Candidate: displays the dialog that displays the in the window . displays the in the .
Reference: construct a jsontokener from a reader .
Candidate: construct a jsontokener from a reader .
Reference: reads a sequence of 8 - bit bytes from standard input ; compresses them using huffman codes with an 8 - bit alphabet ; and writes the results to standard
Candidate: reads a 8 - 8 - 8 ; using 8 - 8 - bit - 8 - 8 - 8 - 8 - 8 - 8 - 8 - 8
Reference: uses the given tokenizer .
Candidate: uses the given tokenizer .
Reference: compute an angular offset to apply to a azimuth label . this angle will be added to the azimuth of the label ' s azimuth in order to place the
Candidate: paints a tiled component of the the component of the the component of the the component of the screen component of the component of the component of the component .
Reference: adds the all keys / values from the given named resource bundle to the defaults
Candidate: adds all the named resource bundle to the named resource bundle .
Reference: from the displaychangedlistener interface ; called from x11graphicsdevice when the display mode has been changed .
Candidate: add the player to the viewpageradapter .
Reference: formats the value as an xs : date or xs : datetime string .
Candidate: convert the string value as string value string .
Reference: extract a set of methods from a given class .
Candidate: convenience method for the methods of methods using the materialized methods . the materialized of the methods of methods are the materialized methods . the materialized methods . the materialized
Reference: update the server address
Candidate: remove the server address
Reference: remove an item from the adapter ' s list .
Candidate: removes a list from the list of .
Reference: function for choosing random enemy from map
Candidate: generates the project item to the project aliases .
Reference: is the route to the destination block , going via our neighbouring block valid . ie does the block have a route registered via neighbour " protecting " to the
Candidate: checks true if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if the
Reference: sort list of storage pools based on its storage system ' s average usage port metrics usage . its secondary sorting components are free and subscribed capacity
Candidate: if the passed that is closest to the closest that is closest to the closest that is closest to that is closest to that is is closest to the closest
Reference: add multiple rhythm overlays to this group
Candidate: add all notification in the notification that can be added .
Reference: creates an instance for a path prefixed by either classpath : or file : .
Candidate: scipio : call that the direct path path . if the path is a able to the path path . the path path in the path path . the path
Reference: determines if this is running a mac osx lower than leopard
Candidate: init static version of all version from the given string according to $ { sorting $ { $ { $ { sorting $ { sorting $ { sorting $ {
Reference: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Candidate: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Reference: escape a string for use inside as xml element content . this escapes less - than and ampersand , only .
Candidate: escape java identifier ' java ' java identifier . java identifier . java identifier . java identifier . java identifier . java identifier . java identifier . java identifier .
Reference: feeds a vector through the network to get an output
Candidate: converts all values to all by all of all by all values .
Reference: finds the named file in the named directory . this tries extra hard to avoid case - insensitive - naming problems , where the requested file is available in a
Candidate: create a new instance of the given file .
Reference: compares the results of the control and cloud clients .
Candidate: checks whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether
Reference: retrieves the text elements for a given xpath expression
Candidate: gets the and dom resources on the text element .
Reference: creates an opencl context able to share entities with the current opengl context .
Candidate: find the version of the find the default platform .
Reference: collapse the tree so that only the root node is visible .
Candidate: don ' t ' t have trailing whitespace .
Reference: queue the replacement of a player ' s cape with the testmod3 cape . < p > in at least 100 milliseconds , the player ' s cape will be
Candidate: updates the current user in the gathering .
Reference: removes a vetoablechangelistener from the listener list . this method should be used to remove the vetoablechangelisteners that were registered for all vetoable properties of this class . < p
Candidate: removes a vetoablechangelistener from this property should be used to remove vetoablechangelisteners that were registered for a bound change .
Reference: construct a new streamthroughput
Candidate: deletes a row of the in the database . note : and says the column ( ) must be in
Reference: iterates the list of arguments in search of the target locator launcher command .
Candidate: execute command command command arguments .
Reference: a method to edit a bookmark .
Candidate: handle a file in it .
Reference: calculate the bounds for a view ' s title
Candidate: calculate the bounds for a view ' s title
Reference: / converts a utf32 code point sequence to a string with the corresponding character ( s ) .
Candidate: calculate the american numbering ( ) until midnight el pdf line pdf ( max ) until max conversion is always
Reference: if the selection has more than one element , it will create a temporary element object as the bounds of the entire selection . we then use this bounds object
Candidate: sets the hash of partitions to the partitions of the given cell .
Reference: records the size of successive runs of white and black pixels in a row , starting at a given point . the values are recorded in the given array ,
Candidate: records the size of successive runs of white and black pixels in a row , starting at the given point .
Reference: returns ( method , params ) for the given service or ( null , null ) if no method was found .
Candidate: convenience method to finds a list sequentially . finds sequentially sequentially .
Reference: utility method to find the first invalid character as per rfc 2396 section 2 . this helps us prevent creating excessive objects in the encode ( ) methods since most
Candidate: find the source string from the given string .
Reference: decodes contents of the byte buffer to the character buffer . the character buffer will be replaced by a larger one if required .
Candidate: helper method for a method method reads a long described after the input input input method input method input method input method input method input method input method input method
Reference: handle activity that is triggered by the fast clock
Candidate: updates the digest after any any component any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any
Reference: add a creature respawn point to the zone .
Candidate: add a point to the list of the tracker .
Reference: load org access role
Candidate: add to add fields to
Reference: simple unit test that verifies that passing in a byte array as source works as expected .
Candidate: test test test of test .
Reference: generates a certificate object and initializes it with the data read from the input stream instream .
Candidate: generates a certificate object from the input stream and read it from the input stream instream .
Reference: returns pretty string representation of the object .
Candidate: converts the string representation of this object .
Reference: generates the last 12 months where the last one is the month which the given date is inside .
Candidate: generates the last one bi - months where the given date is inside the bi - month is inside the last year .
Reference: returns the counter associated with the key . creates it if it doesn ' t exist .
Candidate: create an instance of the specified pdfobject .
Reference: add an sms to the given uri with the specified thread id .
Candidate: load the database from the database uri via necessary .
Reference: runs the test case .
Candidate: runs the test case .
Reference: should never be called .
Candidate: should never be called .
Reference: called once when a new sound file is added
Candidate: called when the file should be called when reading the
Reference: expunge stale entries from the list .
Candidate: expunge stale entries from the table .
Reference: run a findbugs analysis on the given resource as build job but not delaying the current java build
Candidate: compute the java from the given java . java . java . java . java . java . java . java . java . java . java . java .
Reference: report a vetoable property update to any registered listeners . if anyone vetos the change , then fire a new event reverting everyone to the old value and then rethrow
Candidate: report a vetoable property update to any registered listeners . if anyone vetos the change change , then fire a new event reverting everyone to the old value and then
Reference: full backup of the shared - storage filesystem
Candidate: this method for each of the file .
Reference: remove the list of connections at the supplied index
Candidate: remove a wrapper from the specified thread .
Reference: paints the circles and their labels on the given graphics .
Candidate: paints the range of the range rings on the range point .
Reference: converts all separators to the windows separator of backslash .
Candidate: converts all separators to the windows separator of backslash .
Reference: translate pending bytes using selected character set . bytes are translated up to current position minus the backoff value .
Candidate: unlock the number should be displayed in after the number number number of the required number after the number number of arc - write number - required number number -
Reference: optimize ( eliminate rows with no content ) the given trie and return the reduced trie .
Candidate: optimize the given holes ' s ) and return the restructured trie .
Reference: this handler is called after the self request ( original request ) is performed successfully . the handler calls all listener ( after ) , so this requests happen after
Candidate: add a response operation to listen for performing response handler . < p > override this method handles duplicate packets invocations names override to override this method adds them to
Reference: close was signaled in closeasync ( ) but there were pending messages at that time . this method attempts the shutdown if the returned result cleared up the last pending
Candidate: helper method for invalidate all the status of the panels .
Reference: creates and persists a new storage entity .
Candidate: creates an persists a new storage creates a new and creates a new new and creates new new and creates new new and creates new new and creates new new
Reference: display a line of text in a designated info line .
Candidate: responds to the the layer .
Reference: writes a formatted string to the console using the specified format string and arguments .
Candidate: writes a formatted string to the console using the specified format .
Reference: tear down after testing .
Candidate: tear down after testing .
Reference: verify signer ( string , identityscope ) creates instance
Candidate: creates string instance string instance string instance .
Reference: see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 7
Candidate: see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 7
Reference: send a stream ' s byte [ ] tuples in a websocket binary message .
Candidate: send a stream in a websocket message .
Reference: invoke a method known to be static . no object instance is needed and there is no possibility of the method being a bsh scripted method .
Candidate: this method generates an instance of instructions try to generate its common identifier . this method can be used for its common name in common identifier , return true if
Reference: if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the
Candidate: if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the
Reference: new instance , based on the supplied pattern . uses the whole matched regex as the entity text .
Candidate: performs the new instance based on the supplied pattern .
Reference: remove the safepoint from the first loop in the test method , so only the safepoints on monitorenter and monitorexit remain in the loop . that way , we can
Candidate: convenience method to notify the bundle edge for energy edge bundle .
Reference: override this method to handle binding your items into views
Candidate: this method is called by item to the result item .
Reference: add two positive numbers of different length . the first is longer .
Candidate: add two numbers of different length and sign . the first is longer .
Reference: adds new values to the series
Candidate: adds new values to the series .
Reference: method to return a date instance which is exactly numdays days before the point in time designated by the input date .
Candidate: method to return the date of exactly numdays days after the time designated by the end time .
Reference: gets the number of entries that can be added to this cache without the need for removing stale entries .
Candidate: gets the maximum amount of the buffer .
Reference: decodes base64 data into octects
Candidate: decodes base64 data into octects
Reference: calls the super method and writes the conservative approximation of the knn distances of this entry to the specified stream .
Candidate: calls super method writes the conservative approximation of the knn distances of this entry to the specified stream .
Reference: add some data to the heap .
Candidate: used to convert a fresh to the the opengl data onto the main opengl
Reference: paints the table & a focused row border .
Candidate: paint and paint the image and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and
Reference: adds a label and a field combination .
Candidate: add the edges to the graph .
Reference: on track point start .
Candidate: prepare the catalog rule .
Reference: combines a list of byte arrays into one big byte array .
Candidate: below method to be a to to be to be
Reference: commit the given resources to their associated providers .
Candidate: write the resources associated to the resources .
Reference: check if this worker can spawn any worker
Candidate: computes whether handling is rather than 1 . computes the remote address . computes 1 / effective 1 .
Reference: compares this session id to the specified object . the result is true if and only if the argument is not null and the random string and server name are
Candidate: determines if the client matches the client represented by the client interface .
Reference: returns whether a given ident matches that of another offline player
Candidate: compares two compare others others indicates if less less than less than less than less than less than less than less than less than less than less than less than
Reference: add a field with the specified value without any validation . only appropriate for headers from the remote peer or cache .
Candidate: add a field with the specified value without the remote peer .
Reference: returns the instances in the dataset as a string in arff format . strings are quoted if they contain whitespace characters , or if they are a question mark .
Candidate: convert a list of strings for a single instances .
Reference: this can be overwritten by sublasses to mark a certain value as constantly non - null .
Candidate: this can be overridden by sublasses to mark a certain value as constantly non - null .
Reference: remove a item of the list of the adapter
Candidate: list item list of the item item list list
Reference: creates an instance of base view bean object .
Candidate: constructs a new osc world object .
Reference: returns true if the gesture was consumed by the server .
Candidate: indicates whether the forms is able to be able to get the tiles in the .
Reference: helper method to initialize a layer by adding the desired number of neurons with the desired neuron update rule .
Candidate: construct an xml neurons between neurons neurons . neurons neurons neurons neurons neurons neurons neurons neurons neurons neurons neurons neurons neurons neurons neurons neurons neurons neurons neurons neurons neurons neurons
Reference: returns the angle that the vector from ( 0 , 0 ) to p , relative to the positive x - axis . the angle is normalized to be in
Candidate: computes the 2d angle between x - pi . < p / > this method gives that gives the resulting vector is computed in the range .
Reference: fire a network changed event to all registered model listeners .
Candidate: responds to the edit in the edit logix of the edit logix in the edit logix in the edit logix in the edit logix in the edit logix in the
Reference: instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
Candidate: instances should be constructed in standard programming .
Reference: creates an x509 certificate for a given byte array
Candidate: retrieves a normalized key at the given location .
Reference: handles a change in the current selection .
Candidate: handles a change in the current selection .
Reference: parse the terms ack information
Candidate: parse the pidf input
Reference: formats a string using parameters
Candidate: returns a string string formatted string .
Reference: set the server url to be used by parse . this method is only required if you intend to use a different api server than the one at api .
Candidate: simply blocksnapshot ' t ' s " .
Reference: handle read query - check if it is a read query or a readmultiple and execute it
Candidate: tries to handle to handle handle element handle .
Reference: backfit confidence value ( does nothing if the confidence value is already set ) .
Candidate: clear the value of the value value .
Reference: add the given values to any existing name
Candidate: creates a given class given class given class given class given class given class given class given class ( e . e . e . e . e . e
Reference: recursive jumper as described by jps algorithm
Candidate: recursive jumper as described by jps algorithm .
Reference: create a datasource from an input stream
Candidate: create a a byte from a byte stream
Reference: parse a string value to the required type
Candidate: parse a string value to the required type
Reference: adds a new limitline to this axis .
Candidate: adds a new limitline to this axis .
Reference: readdata - - read the function code and data value
Candidate: readdata - read - value from the input stream .
Reference: extracts buffered data into the provided byte [ ] array , starting at position bpos , up to a maximum of bavail bytes . returns how many bytes were actually
Candidate: extracts how many bytes from a subarray of bytes ram bytes high ram raw raw raw raw raw raw raw raw data . raw current byte array starting at annex
Reference: inflate the current sam line by replacing all & by the corresponding field in the previous sam line
Candidate: adds the specified fields within the specified specified by the specified specified by the specified specified .
Reference: returns an array containing all of the elements in this queue , in proper sequence . < p > the returned array will be " safe " in that no
Candidate: returns an array containing all of the elements in this queue , in proper sequence . < p > the returned array will be " safe " in that no
Reference: adds another imagecontainer to the list of those interested in the results of the request .
Candidate: adds another imagecontainer to the list of those interested in the results of the request .
Reference: instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
Candidate: instances should be constructed in standard programming .
Reference: runs the test case .
Candidate: runs the test case .
Reference: this function calculates the position for each legend
Candidate: this function to load the individual data to where each space is equal to each space to the list where each item is stored equal to be stored in the
Reference: fetches metadata for the table from the cache or from the database if needed
Candidate: check if we context has been lookup .
Reference: returns the encoded string representing the object type signature .
Candidate: returns the description of the python method .
Reference: reads more data from the input stream .
Candidate: returns true if the specified buffer if the specified stream .
Reference: flushes the buffered logrecords .
Candidate: stop all pending to the current .
Reference: creates the button pages for a category
Candidate: expand the list of each iteration .
Reference: and for two positive numbers ; the first is longer
Candidate: or for two positive numbers ; the first is longer
Reference: creates a new exportmask for host for the given initiators .
Candidate: overridden and creates the version of createnewexportmaskworkflowforinitiators for vnx the superclass . this implementation will be run sequentially .
Reference: compares two percent objects .
Candidate: compares two percent objects .
Reference: override to allow for colons in the id without urlencoding them .
Candidate: override the given uri .
Reference: reads a signed 16 - bit integer , byte - swapping if necessary .
Candidate: reads a signed 16 - bit byte , byte - swapping if necessary .
Reference: loads the projects of a database .
Candidate: read instance of the instance of instance .
Reference: syllabify a phonetic string , marking syllable boundaries with dash characters in the output . if the input marks stressed vowels with a suffix " 1 " , these marks
Candidate: lowercase character character character character " character " character character character character character character character character character character character character character character character character character character character character character character
Reference: cleans up the head of the frontier , removes the first node of a non - explored state from the head of the frontier , adds it to the corresponding
Candidate: prunes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes
Reference: checks if the given path is a file
Candidate: checks if the given path is a file .
Reference: compares the current object instance with another object instance .
Candidate: returns true if this object objects are the specified name .
Reference: create zookeeper testing server .
Candidate: deletes the highlights until on the end of the file .
Reference: creates a new basic condition , given a variable label , an expected value , and a relation to hold between the variable and its value
Candidate: construct a new template from the provided string .
Reference: read a file containing stopwords ( one per line ) . < p > empty lines and lines starting with ( " # " ) are filtered out .
Candidate: parse a file to the provided directory . if the file is exist , then it is a valid .
Reference: returns the string representation of this object .
Candidate: convert a string representation of the buffer to a human readable form of .
Reference: sets current barrier generation as broken and wakes up everyone . called only while holding lock .
Candidate: sets current barrier generation and broken generation wakes up everyone . called while holding lock .
Reference: filters according to type .
Candidate: filters according to type .
Reference: create properly formatted message to send over udp that acts like a syslog message syslog format : " & lt ; priority & gt ; timestamp orange_link blue_link : message
Candidate: sends a message to a custom message .
Reference: serializes the given exceptions stacktrace elements as well as it ' s suppressed exceptions to the given output stream .
Candidate: try to a a list of a string .
Reference: build the multi stream writer .
Candidate: try to generate an exponentially to the .
Reference: produce a string from a number .
Candidate: produce a string from a number .
Reference: create image from attachment
Candidate: constructs a instance of highlighter . currenttimemillis arcsde .
Reference: creates a new thread register values object .
Candidate: constructs a new values from a given language definition .
Reference: add all of the supplied configuration parameters to the request .
Candidate: creates a map to the map of the switch .
Reference: see if this anti - ba pod should be triggered
Candidate: check if see if the ap pod is triggered .
Reference: appends all of the elements in the specified array at the specified position in this list .
Candidate: appends all the elements of the specified in the end of this list .
Reference: reads some number of bytes from the input stream and stores them into the buffer array b . the number of bytes actually read is returned as an integer .
Candidate: read the bytes from the specified byte array .
Reference: send an error log message
Candidate: send an error log message
Reference: calculates the score of the song given the play counts
Candidate: calculates the score of the song given the play counts
Reference: remove a scanning callback .
Candidate: add a scanning callback .
Reference: paint / copy background to component rectangle
Candidate: paint the background of the image .
Reference: return the probe ' s next average .
Candidate: do some processing requires the values that exist exist .
Reference: util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
Candidate: util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
Reference: check for for pagebreak
Candidate: returns the size of the set .
Reference: shuts down the internal thread pool . if you need to do more a advanced shutdown , the pool is returned .
Candidate: shut down the thread for waiting tasks in the thread pool .
Reference: determine if the given character is part of a proposition symbol .
Candidate: attempts java java to java java java java java java java java java java java java java java java java java java java java java java java java java java
Reference: prints a zdiagmat in default format .
Candidate: prints prints prints prints prints prints prints prints prints prints prints prints prints prints prints prints prints prints prints prints prints prints prints prints prints prints prints prints prints prints
Reference: returns the index of the first occurrence of the pattern string in the text string .
Candidate: returns the index of the first occurrrence of the pattern string in the string .
Reference: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Candidate: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Reference: returns the characters corresponding to the argument indices .
Candidate: this method should be called the i . e . g . this method should be called on an bar ( i , i , i , i , i
Reference: truncate string to a given length .
Candidate: extracts method extracts method from extracts them from the urls and extracts them from non - call !
Reference: deletes transactions which appeared above the given block height from the wallet , but does not touch the keys . this is useful if you have some keys and wish
Candidate: deletes all transactions and delete all transactions and move transactions .
Reference: initial load of this script .
Candidate: verifies if there if there are any service that there are any there are any there are any there are any there are any there are any there are any
Reference: starts the underlying animator for a set of properties . we use a single animator that simply runs from 0 to 1 , and then use that fractional value to
Candidate: starts a underlying animator that we use a single animator that simply animator that runs of the animator that simply simply 1 that simply simply simply simply simply simply simply
Reference: retrieve the region needing to be redrawn
Candidate: retrieve the region needing to be redrawn
Reference: creates a new sort specification that sorts on the given fields , all in ascending order .
Candidate: creates a new sort specification for all sorts the given in ascending order .
Reference: the attack is only successful if the xsw message is accepted .
Candidate: determine if the audio has been loaded .
Reference: starts the geolocation service
Candidate: sends a previously alarm and stores for sending a fresh party to cassandra
Reference: delete a specific resource configuration .
Candidate: store the configuration to store the extraction to store the xml file .
Reference: create a new instance from a prototype
Candidate: creates a new instance to fit the provided port message .
Reference: remove next file and returns it ' s size
Candidate: remove next file and returns it ' s size
Reference: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Candidate: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Reference: creates the sub - components of the panel .
Candidate: creates the box of the box .
Reference: generates a random float between two limits . both limits are inclusive .
Candidate: returns a random number between the limits ( inclusive ) and exclusive ) .
Reference: this constructs an instance . < ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
Candidate: this constructs an instance - ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
Reference: perform a knn search on the kd - tree .
Candidate: draws the list of the given given given the given the given interval .
Reference: if a new tag is encountered , check if it is of interest or not by seeing if it matches against our node tree . if we have deperted from
Candidate: this method is called when the xml node . this is called when each node is called at each node .
Reference: connects to the broker
Candidate: send the client connection to the client and the client connection . this client can the client can the client
Reference: checks the reference to a type in a type annotation .
Candidate: checks a type to a annotation type the type type .
Reference: add a new tracer .
Candidate: called by each instrumented code each terminates each each each each each each each each one each line . each line is executed .
Reference: expands capacity of internal arrays .
Candidate: resets the current array of the backing array .
Reference: damage component by given value .
Candidate: applies the value value .
Reference: this tests the concurrency versioning system to ensure that event conflation happens correctly and that the statistic is being updated properly
Candidate: helper method for org . apache . geode public column . .
Reference: constructs an empty graph
Candidate: constructs a new node .
Reference: separates apiversion for apigroup / apiversion combination .
Candidate: converts a string to the string .
Reference: queries the inventory . this will query all owned items from the server , as well as information on additional skus , if specified . this method may block or
Candidate: queries inventory over all information as well as the server information . this will be called from the server server .
Reference: if we do not use empty intervals to compute percentiles and there are no unique messages for this interval then we simply return . otherwise , we calculate the log
Candidate: log the log log number by the number of what log log log log log log log log log log log log log log log log log log log log
Reference: new nio based method to read a file as a string with the given encoding .
Candidate: converts the file into a human readable file readable file . < p / >
Reference: constructs a new bayes im editor from a bayes estimator wrapper .
Candidate: creates a new daytimecondition
Reference: saves data and writes it to disk . if exit is set , program will exit after save completes . complete indicates whether the user has marked the isntancs as
Candidate: returns true if the process has been marked as exit . if it completes is complete , then deletes it traffic indicates whether the process is valid , then returns
Reference: flatten a map into an xmlserializer . the map can later be read back with readthismapxml ( ) .
Candidate: flatten a map into an xmlserializer . the map can later be read back with readthismapxml ( ) .
Reference: checks whether entry info should be sent to primary node from backup .
Candidate: marks last key for last key .
Reference: generate a new token .
Candidate: returns the address address .
Reference: main routine : perform the transformation .
Candidate: generate tree nodes including including all nodes in tree including including including including including including including including including including including including including including including including including including including including including
Reference: adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in
Candidate: adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in
Reference: run a task , retrying a fixed number of times if there is a failure .
Candidate: called by the current thread .
Reference: based on accumulated value , produce a value for this property .
Candidate: convert an array of objects into the array of array .
Reference: this is the way to remove a specific request object
Candidate: this message to remove one request at the request at the end of
Reference: callback function when heatmap generation has failed
Candidate: disable the of heatmap generation .
Reference: inflate a drawable from a vector xml resource .
Candidate: returns the & ' s from the specified ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s
Reference: returns object field offset .
Candidate: gets the byte object from the byte object in the byte instance .
Reference: add an string at ( x , y ) coordinates
Candidate: add an string at ( x , y ) coordinates
Reference: writes bytes to the underlying rrd file on the disk
Candidate: writes the bytes to the given buffer .
Reference: concatinate the iv to the ciphertext using array copy . this is used e . g . before computing mac .
Candidate: concatinate the iv to the ciphertext using this array . e . g .
Reference: returns an updated executor timestamp .
Candidate: converts the specified value to the specified calendar .
Reference: instantiates a new materialpackage object
Candidate: creates a new instance factory and sets the default factory .
Reference: returns the edge which starts at p0 and whose first segment is parallel to p1
Candidate: compute the edge whose coordinates are p0 and p1 .
Reference: parses the specified string to determine the probability of a character appearing after the previous two characters beginning with the third character in the string and ending with the last
Candidate: verifies that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that
Reference: marks as resolved the specified issue . < p / > < p > if the issue was not previously reported , this method does nothing .
Candidate: marks that removes all active that are currently active active .
Reference: decodes data from base64 notation , automatically detecting gzip - compressed data and decompressing it .
Candidate: decodes the utf - 8 - 8 - 8 - 8 - 8 byte 8 . 8 - 8 decodes the utf - 8 - 8 - 8 - 8
Reference: perform a basic access on the db for a rudimentary test
Candidate: method to see if the see if the connection is the same by the server .
Reference: distinct count aggregate function which update the distinct count
Candidate: update the distinct values in the aggregate .
Reference: easter egg ; run it and you ' ll see what all this mess is about !
Candidate: send the message to sending message to sending message to the given message to sending message to sending message to sending message message to sending message to sending message to
Reference: checks whether an entity given by name is unparsed .
Candidate: checks whether external entity is an external entity .
Reference: flush any buffered messages .
Candidate: clears the buffered data . this method is written to the standard output stream .
Reference: encode text as utf - 8
Candidate: encode text as utf - 8
Reference: ensures that if we lose focus , the popup goes away .
Candidate: called when the cannot be called when the previous point is called when the previous and is called when the previous cannot be deleted .
Reference: adds a general request property specified by a key - value pair . this method will not overwrite existing values associated with the same key .
Candidate: adds the request to the the the to the the . this will be the to the the the for the server .
Reference: executes the task using the embedded executor .
Candidate: execute task execute task task ( execute task task ) task task completed task task task task task task task task task task task task task task task task task
Reference: serialize to a byte buffer
Candidate: serialize the optional object to the optional byte buffer .
Reference: used to actualize the vector containing all submissions
Candidate: add all highlighting of the first to the to several kind . if there are no no more no way to the memory , so that no tasks are no
Reference: private member function that does the real date / time formatting .
Candidate: store a cursor cursor .
Reference: process incoming touch events
Candidate: incoming incoming incoming incoming incoming events
Reference: method to construct a bit for a given string expression .
Candidate: convert a long value to a string .
Reference: steps forward to the next record if there ' s one available . the method has a timeout for how long it will wait for the commit field to be
Candidate: this method is used by this method . this method is used by this method can be used by an error .
Reference: apply composition to an individual color component of a pixel .
Candidate: compute the number of two integers norm .
Reference: writes the entire contents of this byte stream to the specified output stream .
Candidate: writes the entire contents of the byte stream to the specified output stream .
Reference: removes a listener previously added with addtreemodellistener ( ) .
Candidate: adds a listener for the treemodelevent posted after the changes .
Reference: create the uriname object with the specified name .
Candidate: asserts that the host is different uri is different read different uri . different uri . different uri . different uri is different uri . different uri is different uri
Reference: adds a parameterized view to the stream .
Candidate: add a parameterized view to the stream .
Reference: copy data from the given recorder into the given buffer , and append to the complete recording . public int read ( byte [ ] audiodata , int offsetinbytes ,
Candidate: read the recorder from the given recorder from the buffer and append to the given byte [ ] audiodata , int offsetinbytes ,
Reference: cleans the candies store so that it will be read from file next time .
Candidate: force computation metrics calculations .
Reference: completes the build converting the builder to a set of time - zone rules . < p > calling this method alters the state of the builder . further rules
Candidate: creates a obtains graph that has the graph .
Reference: gets hash code for a given object .
Candidate: gets the hash code for the given object . . defends against poor quality hash functions .
Reference: adds a template which should be " parsed " while the parsing process .
Candidate: adds a tabfragment to the viewpageradapter .
Reference: return the taken image from the camera to the calling activity . this method returns to the calling activity .
Candidate: update the image from the memory crop update memory memory , update from memory update memory memory .
Reference: a function to find the minimum of two values , but ignoring any double . nan values .
Candidate: computes the number of two double values .
Reference: allows the m - let to perform any operations it needs before being registered in the mbean server . if the objectname is null , the m - let provides
Candidate: method to perform the specified name name in the class name .
Reference: match the pattern , or if not possible throw an exception .
Candidate: convert an enum to the the given string .
Reference: returns a string representation of the given annotation value , suitable for inclusion in a java source file as the initializer of a variable of the appropriate type .
Candidate: returns a string representation of the annotation suitable for inclusion in a java initializer of a string of a initializer of a variable .
Reference: create a ` bytebuffer ` with a given capacity .
Candidate: gets the size size as a buffer .
Reference: adds a new value to the series .
Candidate: adds a new value to the series .
Reference: validates if the collection does not contain same named elements ( methods and resources ) .
Candidate: set the collection of the nodes in the collection .
Reference: util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
Candidate: util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
Reference: put a string in the buffer . no null terminated .
Candidate: put the bytes in the buffer buffer .
Reference: an external entity declaration .
Candidate: an external entity declaration .
Reference: alpha controls the smoothing of the data . alpha = 1 retains no memory of past values ( e . g . a random walk ) , while alpha =
Candidate: creates a new instance with the default threshold .
Reference: create a class descriptor from a field signature
Candidate: build a like " " " classdescriptor " .
Reference: this method validates a serviceticketresponse object , raising an exception if the response reflects an operation failure .
Candidate: validates a validates validates a validates if a client is not validates validates validates validates validates validates validates validates validates validates validates validates validates validates validates validates validates validates validates
Reference: schedules the specified task for execution after the specified delay .
Candidate: schedules the execution task for immediate immediate immediate immediate immediate immediate immediate immediate immediate immediate immediate immediate immediate immediate immediate execution , waiting for the immediate immediate immediate immediate immediate
Reference: draws an ellipse with given semimajor and semiminor axes , centered on ( x , y ) .
Candidate: draws an arc radius with the ellipse centered centered centered centered centered centered centered centered centered centered centered centered centered centered centered centered centered centered centered centered centered centered centered
Reference: discards any whitespace from a base - 64 encoded block .
Candidate: discards any whitespace from a base - 64 encoded block .
Reference: overrides swapcursor to move the new cursor into the alphabetindex as well as the cursoradapter .
Candidate: triggered before for the before associated for the specified before the result before the specified before the result . if the criteria before the result before searching for all before
Reference: lock the flushing mechanism in order to prevent a thread flushing this buffer while another thread is doing a physiological operation .
Candidate: adds a new connection to the size that will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Reference: checks if the class is supported to be randomized without recursion .
Candidate: check whether the java class is a valid initializer class .
Reference: the format of this native guid using the given devicetype & serialnumber .
Candidate: generates format format of format format format format format format format format format format format format format format format format format format format format format format format format format format
Reference: an aes key derived from a base64 encoded key . this does not generate the key . it ' s not random or a pbe key .
Candidate: generate an aes key derived from a base64 encoded key . it does not generate a random key . this does not generate a pbe key .
Reference: creates a writable subraster given a region of the raster . the x and y coordinates specify the horizontal and vertical offsets from the upper - left corner of this
Candidate: creates a writable subraster given region of the raster . the x - y coordinates specify the horizontal and vertical offsets from the upper - left corner of the
Reference: sorts visible tree nodes .
Candidate: called all children children elements are called recursively called all children elements children children children children children children children children children children children children children children children children children children
Reference: return an integer with a poisson distribution with mean lambda .
Candidate: returns a random integer from a poisson distribution distribution mean & lambda ;
Reference: build a string for parsing .
Candidate: receives the given path from the given path .
Reference: indicates whether a user installed or system sound is available
Candidate: indicates whether the given accession passed in this classconstant argument .
Reference: iterate over view serializers
Candidate: returns an iterator for use a collection of the probability of being defined in this model .
Reference: check if the supplied key is a valid key .
Candidate: concatenate the key into the string .
Reference: tells whether or not this asynchronous channel group is shutdown .
Candidate: returns whether the caller is running , returning the executor object to do the end .
Reference: initializes the storage elements of the tree .
Candidate: initializes the clip object .
Reference: draw the arc around the ring only for the download mode
Candidate: draws a message which follow which will underline follow which will follow that will follow which will follow which will follow which will follow which will follow which will follow
Reference: formats a date using a format string .
Candidate: parses a date string using the format .
Reference: decode the base64 - encoded data in input and return the data in a new byte array . < p > the padding ' = ' characters at the end
Candidate: decode the base64 - encoded data in input and return the data in a new byte array . < p > the padding ' = ' characters at the end
Reference: constructs and animgameitem instace based on a md5 model an md5 animation
Candidate: constructs and animgameitem instace based on md5 model an md5 animation
Reference: creates a message digest with the specified algorithm name .
Candidate: constructs an instance of the abstract algorithm that can be abstract algorithm .
Reference: creates the elements of this component .
Candidate: creates elements elements of the elements elements .
Reference: merge sort . < p / > time complexity : o ( n log n ) space complexity : o ( n ) ( also needs o ( log n
Candidate: merge the ' s ' s ( i ' s o log ( n ) d ' s o ' n ) . n ' n ) n ' n
Reference: copy acls for new configuration .
Candidate: moves all first loop to the list loop loop .
Reference: appends content from the specified bytebuffer to this bytearray
Candidate: write the bytes to the buffer to be written to the written to the written to the written to the buffer .
Reference: handle the response sent back from alexa ' s parsing of the intent , these can be any of the avsitem types ( play , speak , stop , clear
Candidate: handles the response from the given response .
Reference: checks if there is info already cached and whether it is old enough to be updated , in which case it requests the data from the api .
Candidate: updates the dialog for the changed .
Reference: removes a view from the viewgroup if it is hidden .
Candidate: starts the child child views as a child child views .
Reference: consume a css identifier ( id or class ) off the queue ( letter , digit , - , _ ) http : / / www . w3 . org
Candidate: consume an attribute name from the queue , digit ( letter , digit , digit , _ ,
Reference: currently not being executed for congo but after transition to jdk 1 . 5 , this test should be executed .
Candidate: this method for each element .
Reference: serialize this object and all its contents to xml .
Candidate: write an object to the xml . . < p / > note : / write / write / abort !
Reference: creates a new instance .
Candidate: obtain a axis where the axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis axis
Reference: rollback the download ( delete the temporary file )
Candidate: release the current page .
Reference: parse x - like geometry string .
Candidate: convert an array of bytes in the internal string .
Reference: this method will be called by dispatcher , and will be repeated till return false .
Candidate: completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed will completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed
Reference: since the image doesn ' t necessarily need to be regenerated when it is merely moved , raster objects have this function , called from generate ( ) and when
Candidate: a a a statement to be a out the . .
Reference: searches in this vector for the index of the specified object . the search for the object starts at the specified location and moves towards the start of this vector
Candidate: compares this vector for the specified object . the vector to the end of the vector . the vector is in the vector . the vector is in the vector
Reference: returns whether an undo is possible , i . e . whether there are any undo points saved so far
Candidate: returns whether there are an undo another . i . e . whether so far is saved any other points .
Reference: inserts the string representation of the char argument into this string buffer . the second argument is inserted into the contents of this string buffer at the position indicated by
Candidate: inserts the string representation of the argument buffer into this string buffer . the second argument is converted to a string if the string . valueof ,
Reference: return true if the local path is an absolute path .
Candidate: return true if the local path is an absolute path .
Reference: calculate the destination of the given umlet diagram . return null if the diagram reference does not need to be updated
Candidate: tests the the to the file .
Reference: there is a change on the project that we ' re monitoring , whatever the type of event is , we need to updated the runner .
Candidate: figure if updates the mapbean is associated with the figure .
Reference: called on left mouse single click .
Candidate: returns whether the clip represents a point of the board ( i . e . g .
Reference: measures the space needed for various parts of the view after loading new events . this can change if there are all - day events .
Candidate: computes the number of the the graph .
Reference: update the priority - ordered list of visible tabs .
Candidate: update the priority - ordered list of visible tabs .
Reference: tostring , leveldatatostring , and walkgraph methods to implement explorenode interface
Candidate: tostring method leveldatatostring & walkgraph methods to implement explorenode interface
Reference: starts file fragmenting . will group file affinity ranges by nodes and send requests to each node . file will be considered processed when each node replied with success (
Candidate: load the data from the file .
Reference: scrolls to the previous notification .
Candidate: scrolls the next notification
Reference: calls the super method and writes the id of this node , the numentries and the entries array to the specified stream .
Candidate: this implements node implements the tree node node implements the node node node implements the node node implements the contents of this node . calls this node . this node
Reference: adds a new incoming relation to the node . this method should never be called outside the addrelation method , to ensure consistency between the input and output links .
Candidate: adds a node from the input tags in the input tags .
Reference: initializes a new postgresql database
Candidate: writes the configuration to the database database .
Reference: generates a set of fcportconnection entries for the specified vsan id ( or all vsans if vsanid is null ) .
Candidate: get the ip address estimated address ip address from the given ip address ip address
Reference: associates a read object with the its serialization handle .
Candidate: associates the read with the serialization handle .
Reference: add an extension header to this map .
Candidate: add an extension header to an map map .
Reference: merges this frame with the given frame .
Candidate: merges this frame with the given frame .
Reference: submit command to key tool
Candidate: splits the the into the list of strings .
Reference: smoothly snaps to a given position . we do this manually by calculating the keyframes ourselves and animating the scroll on the recycler view .
Candidate: determine the image the
Reference: updates the key in the persistent property store to " value 2 " .
Candidate: clears the default state of the complain fenced
Reference: unassigns services from an entity .
Candidate: adds an entity entities .
Reference: expands the cluster to include density - reachable items .
Candidate: expands the cluster density to the reachable items .
Reference: getfloatarrayelements : get all the elements of a float array
Candidate: getdoublearrayelements : get all the elements of a char array
Reference: this implementation looks for the longest matching string . for example , parsing etc / gmt - 2 will return etc / gmc - 2 rather than just etc /
Candidate: parse the text at the given position in the text of the given character .
Reference: prepares ( allocates ) a set of transfer buffers for use in transferring data from the tuner via the bulk interface
Candidate: prepares the allocates transfer buffers for use in transferring data from the tuner via
Reference: outputs to the final destination as many full line pairs as there are in the pending output , removing those lines from their respective buffers . this method terminates when
Candidate: cleans up the file .
Reference: positive amount . no unblocks if blocked
Candidate: update the new ' s domain , and the new capacity .
Reference: attempt to register any unregistered extension namespaces .
Candidate: attempt to register an unregistered namespaces namespaces .
Reference: remove all map objects .
Candidate: wraps the current text on the current text .
Reference: deletes the display name of a existing user
Candidate: deletes all photos of a existing user
Reference: returns the new type node corresponding to the type of the given declaration including the extra dimensions .
Candidate: creates a new node type to the the given type .
Reference: closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache
Candidate: closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache
Reference: checks iterators are cleared .
Candidate: handles put and put them to asserts it begins with put them to asserts and throw them . < p >
Reference: adds a listener for all of this controller ' s lifecycle events
Candidate: adds the timeboundsprovider to the clock .
Reference: returns paths list index of given path or - 1 if not found . note : use indexof ( string , string ) for path inside jars
Candidate: returns paths for indexof inside the given string . note : if not found indexof inside an path string .
Reference: destroys a volume , releasing all storage blocks assigned to it .
Candidate: save existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing
Reference: computes a set of curves using the cardinal spline approach , but using straight lines for completely horizontal or vertical segments .
Candidate: computes the set of curves using the cardinal spline approach , using straight lines for completely horizontal lines .
Reference: checks if the app should be scaled in / out according to cooldown settings
Candidate: return the list of s server list .
Reference: takes an int which is supposed to be in megabytes and converts it to a long . this conversion takes into account that multiplication can lead to integer . max_value
Candidate: returns a number of bytes to megabytes .
Reference: calculates the approximate height of a text , depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls ( e . g . inside drawing methods )
Candidate: calculates a approximate height of a text , depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls ( e . g . inside drawing methods ) .
Reference: generate a unique name for the zoneset clone . the format of the zoneset clone name is " vipr - < existing_zone > - mmddyy - hhmmss " mmddyy and
Candidate: returns the last ' s out of the given of the last ' s ' % .
Reference: write a . rsa file with a digital signature .
Candidate: writes the payload payload to the payload .
Reference: calls invoke and throws a runtimeexception if it fails .
Candidate: constructs an assertion with the specified conversion .
Reference: constructs a sql statement template later used for prepared statement .
Candidate: jdbc query query into h2 database .
Reference: starts the animation given as parameter .
Candidate: starts the given outputstream .
Reference: this method determines if the supplied key relates to a uri .
Candidate: checks if the given key is a valid description .
Reference: receives data from the device . returns after the given timeout even if no data has been received .
Candidate: receives the given timeout data from the given device returns after the given timeout has been received .
Reference: add a newly connected ofchannelhandler . the channel handler is added we send the current role to the channel handler . all subsequent role changes will be send to all
Candidate: adds due to due to see due to due to due to due to due to due to due to due to due to due to due to due to
Reference: runs the test case .
Candidate: runs the test case .
Reference: send array of bytes to bluetooth output stream .
Candidate: if the connection is connected to the packet .
Reference: returns a buffer to the pool , throwing away old buffers if the pool would exceed its allotted size .
Candidate: returns a buffer to the pool , throwing away old buffers if the pool would exceed its allotted size .
Reference: creates a list containing the elements of the specified collection , in the order they are returned by the collection ' s iterator .
Candidate: creates a collection containing all the specified collection in the specified collection .
Reference: reads the contents of httpentity into a byte [ ] .
Candidate: reads the contents of httpentity into a byte [ ] .
Reference: adds an arg after the command and any options .
Candidate: add an item to the list of item .
Reference: translating either a byte array or an inputstream into an string . strip terminators and search - and - replace eoln . native to java string conversion
Candidate: helper method for reading the from the specified file .
Reference: create a handler for the supplied namespace prefix - the handler will be invoked iff it is the registered handler having the longest prefix lte to the actual uri .
Candidate: constructs an empty base hash node .
Reference: calculates the d matrix for kriging system
Candidate: helper method for populating the points of points to the sorted points .
Reference: deserialization object from file .
Candidate: creates a object from the given file deserialization .
Reference: to check if the segment is merged or not .
Candidate: check to see if the segment is merged or
Reference: generate a pbe based key suitable for a mac algorithm , the key size is chosen according the mac size , or the hashing algorithm , whichever is greater .
Candidate: generate a pbe based suitable for the key mac , the key is chosen according to the hashing algorithm , whichever is greater .
Reference: add emojicon group list
Candidate: add emojicon group list
Reference: register a throughput measurement end point . collects counts and statistics . will update the status area for the kf step in question if the sample period has elapsed .
Candidate: triggered by the the " " " " " " " .
Reference: check whether a path should be included .
Candidate: indicates if the given path has exactly a valid path .
Reference: adds view to specified cache . creates a cache list if it is null .
Candidate: adds a view specified cache . creates a cache list if it is null .
Reference: selects a number of units from the table with a filter .
Candidate: returns the number of units from the years .
Reference: returns an automaton that accepts the concatenation of the languages of the given automata . < p > complexity : linear in total number of states .
Candidate: returns a automaton that accepts a dfa .
Reference: this method is public as an implementation side effect . do not call or override .
Candidate: sets the model item to the model model model model model model .
Reference: adjust the final number of canopies to match the user - requested number ( if possible )
Candidate: test that need to a set .
Reference: create a hilbertcurvepartitioner from a list of points
Candidate: performs an based on on on on on on the given
Reference: reads the property from a safe serialization format .
Candidate: reads the property from a safe serialization format .
Reference: javax . net . ssl . sslsocket # sslsocket ( inetaddress address , int port , inetaddress clientaddress , int clientport )
Candidate: javax . net . ssl . sslsocket # sslsocket inetaddress inetaddress address , inetaddress clientaddress address clientport inetaddress clientaddress address clientport inetaddress clientaddress , inetaddress clientaddress address clientport inetaddress clientaddress
Reference: if the user input starts with a tilde character ( ~ ) , replace the tilde character with the user ' s home directory . if the user input does
Candidate: adds an item to the user entryclass , and adds a new record to a new dialogue list .
Reference: returns the stamp bits for resizing a table of size n . must be negative when shifted left by resize_stamp_shift .
Candidate: returns the stamp bits for resizing a table . n size must be negative when shifted left by resize_stamp_shift .
Reference: read a byte from the input stream .
Candidate: read a single byte byte stream .
Reference: convenience method for computing the hmac key derivation function . the real work is offloaded to bouncycastle .
Candidate: generate the minimal md5 data for the given .
Reference: check if the given emote is on the list of ignored emotes . compares the emote code to the codes on the list .
Candidate: checks whether the given node has been added .
Reference: is the given word the name of an allowed css property ?
Candidate: returns true if the given name is disabled .
Reference: read all consists from a file .
Candidate: copy the current from the file .
Reference: create a zero number from a sign and an array of zero length . the sign is 0 .
Candidate: create a negative number of a sign and an array of bytes . the number of bytes is 4 . the most significant byte is negative .
Reference: accept a connection on a socket .
Candidate: indicates whether the given socket doesn ' t have been fully
Reference: transcode a document into a file using the given transcoder .
Candidate: add a sound for the specified file .
Reference: send a fatal error log message
Candidate: send a fatal error log message
Reference: report download progress through the database if necessary .
Candidate: report download progress through the database if necessary .
Reference: non - preferred : use the getdomimplementation ( ) method instead of this one to get a dom level 2 domimplementation object and then use dom level 2 methods to
Candidate: can can can can can can can can can can can can can can can can can can can can can can can can can can can can can can
Reference: set the number of samples generated by one __scesascore call .
Candidate: produces a adhoc to to fit to
Reference: handles add request handler request .
Candidate: handles add request handler .
Reference: draws a data point at a given set of panel coordinates at a given size and connects a line to the previous point .
Candidate: draws an triangle at a triangle at exact triangle point .
Reference: generates the instructions for a switch statement .
Candidate: generates the instructions for a switch statement .
Reference: serialize the given set ' s elments into byte [ ] chunks , calling proc for each one . proc args : the byte [ ] chunk and an int
Candidate: return the given of the given random data . return true if the given is not return the .
Reference: goes once through the metadata , checks which columns are removed and checks that the remaining columns have unique names .
Candidate: creates the given name and deals with the given name with the given name .
Reference: locates a given field anywhere in the class inheritance hierarchy .
Candidate: locates a given field anywhere in the class inheritance hierarchy .
Reference: creates a session from the given bytes .
Candidate: creates a session from the session .
Reference: add the set dumpfilestream to the tree
Candidate: notify modeswitchlistener , we need to be deleted .
Reference: creates a date using the ordinal date format . specification reference : 5 . 2 . 2 .
Candidate: creates an ordinal reference device reference date specification . ordinal ordinal date specification .
Reference: writes the xml attribute name / val . a null val means that the attribute is missing .
Candidate: writes a pair of the specified name .
Reference: checks if a given page is present in the range built so far .
Candidate: returns true if the provided property is the appropriate value .
Reference: dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used
Candidate: dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used
Reference: returns a list typed with the desired erasure based on the given collection . this operation implies an unchecked cast and it is the responsibility of the caller to make
Candidate: returns an object with erasure dimensionalitemobject based on the given collection .
Reference: util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
Candidate: util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
Reference: clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above
Candidate: clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above
Reference: sets the aliases that will be associated with the index when it gets created
Candidate: gets the aliases that will be created when the target index gets created .
Reference: adds a newly created table to the relevant internal database structures .
Candidate: add the specified var specified name to the specified list of the specified stream .
Reference: hash a password using the openbsd bcrypt scheme
Candidate: removes a key from a given containing at a given key , at a specified object from the given object .
Reference: removes a listener such that it is no longer notified of changes
Candidate: removes a listener from the notified within the target .
Reference: puts all views in the scrap heap into the supplied list .
Candidate: puts all views in the scrap heap into the supplied list .
Reference: this method is fired after the tab has been created and placed in the tab controller .
Candidate: invoked when the connection has been closed , and cancel it is no longer to the worker problem .
Reference: schedules a new task .
Candidate: schedule a scheduler for scheduler .
Reference: utility method to combine a base hash with the identity hash of one or more objects .
Candidate: look an identity hash objects from the given hashcode , or more than one or more objects .
Reference: converts a string representation of a vector ( e . g . " 1 , 0 , 0 , 1 , 0 " ) into a double array . invalid
Candidate: adds the to to the .
Reference: returns a string describing this filter
Candidate: returns a string describing classifier
Reference: creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the first stream followed by all the elements of the second stream . the resulting stream is ordered
Candidate: returns the contents of the stream , that the first of the stream , repeated , and maximum elements .
Reference: below test is disabled intentionally 1 > in this release 8 . 0 , for rolling upgrade support queue name is changed to old style 2 > common parallel sender
Candidate: this method to generate the for the for the given .
Reference: the method called by beancontextmembershiplistener methods to find components in the maphandler .
Candidate: this method gets called when your other objects are added to the beancontext within the maphandler ( beancontext ) . this method gets called when the object gets added to
Reference: decode the data source properties from xml .
Candidate: decode a properties from the given xml element .
Reference: increments the iterator ' s index by one and returns the character at the new index .
Candidate: add the next element from the to the next element .
Reference: adjust the row heights of a table based on the table contents .
Candidate: draws a table based on the given table .
Reference: validates a list of volumes
Candidate: returns a list of a list of strings .
Reference: finds format specifiers in the format string .
Candidate: creates a new instance of stringformatter .
Reference: returns the number of elements in this deque .
Candidate: returns the number of elements in this deque .
Reference: updates status of index column up / down buttons .
Candidate: clears disables disables disables the disables .
Reference: build the url to search for elements having a specific osm tag ( key = value ) , within a bounding box . elements will be osm nodes , ways
Candidate: build a string into a specified filename .
Reference: wait for decoding to finish
Candidate: writes log documents statistics .
Reference: extract plain text from wikipedia article content .
Candidate: prevent tabs spaces tabs tabs tabs tabs .
Reference: continues a multi - part transformation ( encryption or decryption ) . the transformed bytes are returned .
Candidate: continues a multi - part encryption encryption transformation .
Reference: send an error log message
Candidate: send an error log message
Reference: packs the given parameters into a single int value in order to save space on the rendering queue . note that most of these parameters are only used for rendering
Candidate: this method is called by this method for which can be called by the accelerated oglpaints . multigradient method .
Reference: update the data using the sql sentence .
Candidate: loads some database in some database .
Reference: if entryholder is used as lockobject ( for example in all_in_cache ) - its the lock subject itself
Candidate: returns true if bootpath should be shown in the preferences .
Reference: runs the test case .
Candidate: runs the test case .
Reference: returns a hash code for this object .
Candidate: returns a hash code for the identity hash code .
Reference: adds an action to the quickactionview
Candidate: add an intent actions which actions actions actions actions actions actions actions actions actions the filter actions actions actions actions actions actions actions actions actions actions actions actions actions actions
Reference: add distinct entry to list
Candidate: add distinct entry to list
Reference: displays the requested help file if it is found . if not , we first try to display the default not found message . if that is not available ,
Candidate: assuming a point to the log .
Reference: store the location in the app preferences .
Candidate: store the app preferences to the preferences preferences .
Reference: returns one of the points in the closest pair of points .
Candidate: returns the component of this fieldtype ' s iotdevice
Reference: compares the specified object to this list and return true if they are equal . two lists are equal when they both contain the same objects in the same order
Candidate: compares the specified object to the specified list . if they are equal to the same order .
Reference: produce a comma delimited text row from a jsonarray . values containing the comma character will be quoted . troublesome characters may be removed .
Candidate: produce a comma delimited text row from a jsonarray . comma character values will be quoted . troublesome characters will be quoted . troublesome characters may be removed .
Reference: remove a table from the memory database
Candidate: removes the table table .
Reference: returns false if the given category is hidden in the project filter settings .
Candidate: checks whether the given category is contained in a particular format .
Reference: determine if the passed volume is a source volume for any full copies .
Candidate: copies the volume volume source volume a volume volume . see if any volume is a volume volume .
Reference: tests two linearregression models by comparing all values
Candidate: tests that two two two equals two objects are equal by the specified element .
Reference: runs the test case .
Candidate: runs the test case .
Reference: performs an entity maintenance security check . returns haspermission = true if the user has the entity_maint permission .
Candidate: performs the functionality maintenance interface . see if an indication emoticons , this haspermission if the entity_maint permission .
Reference: tests a successful quorum .
Candidate: process a success with code .
Reference: to be called when explanation is presented to the user
Candidate: to be called when explanation is presented to user
Reference: simple puts the thread to sleep for the passed duration .
Candidate: create the instance of the specified thread .
Reference: writes a string followed by a newline .
Candidate: prints a newline followed by a newline .
Reference: reads characters into a portion of an array .
Candidate: reads an array of characters into a character .
Reference: reads a single character .
Candidate: reads a single byte value from the specified buffer .
Reference: callnonvirtualbooleanmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns a boolean value
Candidate: callnonvirtualintmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns an int value
Reference: determines if the given program block includes a rmvar or rmfilevar instruction for the given varname .
Candidate: performs tryunpush if the current click .
Reference: creates a project importer with the root folder of all projects that has to be imported for the test .
Candidate: compare prefix to compare prefix files .
Reference: check various sorted values of doubles ( including extreme values ) check for correct ordering of the encoded bytes and that values round - trip .
Candidate: tests that two values dimension .
Reference: has this class already been registered .
Candidate: check whether the given type is assignable in the given class .
Reference: operation : [ < rn > , + / - < rm > , asr # < shift_imm > ] 0b10 / asr / if shift_imm = = 0 then
Candidate: [ < rn > ] , + > < rm > = + > / asr / rrx / > if shift_imm = = = = = = = =
Reference: return the class with the given name .
Candidate: return the class of the specified class . this class .
Reference: wait for the bucket operator to complete any pending asynchronous operations .
Candidate: adds the specified jipeventlistener object .
Reference: byte compaction mode ( see 5 . 4 . 3 ) permits all 256 possible 8 - bit byte values to be encoded . this includes all ascii characters value
Candidate: byte compaction mode ( see 5 . 3 . 4 ) permits all 256 possible 8 bit values to all byte value . this includes all ascii characters characters characters
Reference: tests whether all components of the test geometry are contained in the target geometry . handles both linear and point components .
Candidate: tests whether the point of the target geometry intersects the interior of the target area of the target geometry .
Reference: accepts a submitted form instance .
Candidate: parse the content of the , converting of the content of both .
Reference: create a new endpoint .
Candidate: create a new stream , , , , , , , , , and the hash .
Reference: parses an rdf value . this method parses uriref , qname , node id , quoted literal , integer , double and boolean .
Candidate: parses a value to a array file
Reference: constructs an empty dataset , tied to the default timezone .
Candidate: constructs a new instance based on the specified date .
Reference: special purpose function to see if we can optimize the pattern for a descendantiterator .
Candidate: this method can be used for a descendantiterator .
Reference: returns a list of the given elements , in order .
Candidate: creates a list containing the given pdfobject .
Reference: this is to implement memory allocation in the array . like malloc ( ) .
Candidate: this is allocation to implement memory allocation .
Reference: adds an attribute to current element of the dom document .
Candidate: adds a attribute to the dom document .
Reference: create resources ( files and folders ) into a container for a path
Candidate: retourne tous les content un utilisateur pour une
Reference: draws the interiour of an array of ellipses . ellipses contained in an other ellipse are treated as holes .
Candidate: paint an area of the a border .
Reference: multiplies the range on the domain axis / axes by the specified factor .
Candidate: multiplies the range on the axis . axes by the domain axis .
Reference: reloads the due challenge counts from the database .
Candidate: set the new values to the new window .
Reference: creates an identity matrix
Candidate: creates a new instance of the given double .
Reference: transform a java2d bufferedimage to a swt image .
Candidate: compute the background of the given image .
Reference: helper method to check whether the jvm has the unlimited strength policy installed
Candidate: check whether the is is defined in verified .
Reference: current soft limit in bytes on the rss of the process ; see the description of rlimit_rss in getrlimit ( 2 ) .
Candidate: ( since linux 3 . 5 ) address above which program address are placed in brk ( 2 ' s ) .
Reference: adding a new row with the totals
Candidate: adding a new row with the totals
Reference: creates a printing stacktrace from the given elements .
Candidate: appends the given string to the end of the given list . removes the last element in the list . the list is the last array of the last line
Reference: indicates whether file writing support for the specified midi file type is provided by the system .
Candidate: indicates whether a midi file type of the indicated file type indicated of the indicated file file .
Reference: makes this object immutable .
Candidate: makes this object immutable .
Reference: returns a random real number uniformly in [ 0 , 1 ) .
Candidate: returns a real number uniformly in real [ 0 , 1 .
Reference: modify the attributes for the given configuration object .
Candidate: creates all the configuration object . it creates the object .
Reference: constructs a new instance .
Candidate: create a new - for a existing - existing - existing - .
Reference: attempts to cas - increment the workercount field of ctl .
Candidate: attempts to cas - increment the workercount field of ctl .
Reference: calculates every icon ' s height needed and start animation
Candidate: invokes the part of objects , or more objects objects objects . objects or objects or objects or objects or objects or objects or objects or objects or objects or
Reference: returns true if the path is on windows .
Candidate: checks if the given path is a valid path .
Reference: process an attribute string of type t_char into a character value .
Candidate: process an attribute string of type t_char into a character value .
Reference: creates a child element with the given name and appends it to the element child node list . also creates a text node with the given value and appends it
Candidate: creates a child element with the given name and appends it to the node list with the given node and appends appends it to the given node and appends it
Reference: are all segments balanced
Candidate: return the target comment .
Reference: attributes : : = ( s attribute ) * s ?
Candidate: given the string - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Reference: reads a binary input file into a byte array
Candidate: creates the final file .
Reference: unit test of the stream - oriented api .
Candidate: multiple solutions where an empty solution appears in the middle solution appears in the middle solution appears
Reference: this method adds a condition to the conjunction in the rule ' s head
Candidate: adds a term term to term .
Reference: switches the underlying output stream from a memory based stream to one that is backed by disk . this is the point at which we realise that too much data
Candidate: switches to the underlying output stream .
Reference: remove the indices in the interval index0 , index1 ( inclusive ) from the selection model . this is typically called to sync the selection model width a corresponding change
Candidate: remove transformation greater than remove from remove remove remove remove remove remove remove remove remove remove remove remove remove remove remove remove remove remove remove remove remove remove remove remove
Reference: this is the method that rebuilds the list of visible events .
Candidate: todo that are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are
Reference: create diskstore factory with default attributes
Candidate: creates a new projection exception screenshot hours . exclusive yields states . ms rules .
Reference: this is a quiet method . only deletes directories . will fail if the directories have files in them .
Candidate: this method is quiet method .
Reference: puts content from the specified byte array to this bytearray
Candidate: used to be written to the buffer .
Reference: marks a range of rop registers as " reserved for a local variable . "
Candidate: registers all registers registers registers registers an unreserved rop registers .
Reference: this method registers the default resolvers .
Candidate: display the display comment information after display display s display half of the display property information .
Reference: processes a response that requires authentication
Candidate: processes a response that requires authentication
Reference: releases specified byte array
Candidate: checks if the successor buffer was added to the list of was added .
Reference: constructs an empty pipeline
Candidate: releases the storage serializer . this method can be referenced by their values .
Reference: returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection according to the supplied eventsetdescriptor
Candidate: returns true if this time , at , the object will accept a connection according to the supplied eventsetdescriptor
Reference: draws a marker for the range axis .
Candidate: draws a marker marker marker .
Reference: constructs a socks5 instance without any parameter .
Candidate: initialize the list to initialize the adapter .
Reference: attempts the lock the order . if the order is already active this returns false .
Candidate: returns true if the new device is already been requested .
Reference: add the buffer ( which contains a fragment ) to the assembler .
Candidate: returns the number of of the from the , of the . has been , or , , or , , or , , or , , or , ,
Reference: flatten a string [ ] into an xmlserializer . the list can later be read back with readthisstringarrayxml ( ) .
Candidate: flatten an [ ] into a xmlserializer . the list can later be read back with readthisbooleanarrayxml ( ) .
Reference: used to check whether there is a specialized handler for a given intent .
Candidate: used to check whether there is a specialized handler for a given intent .
Reference: treat similar name aliases
Candidate: updates the key of the for the specified key .
Reference: initializes a new instance to query the data from a specified table using a specified jdbc connection . it is assumed the table columns are constant during the connection .
Candidate: create a string from a string
Reference: stores the stack for the given exception
Candidate: add an exception to the given location .
Reference: returns a elf formatter
Candidate: returns a elf formatter
Reference: reads all the data from the supplied url into a byte array .
Candidate: decodes the contents of the given inputstream as an utf .
Reference: checks the current recurrence validity for checktime .
Candidate: checks the current recurrence validity for checktime .
Reference: create a new network and get an id
Candidate: create a new get network and get it
Reference: this static method converts the passed in number of bytes into a kilobyte string grouping digits with locale - dependant thousand separator and with " kb " locale - dependant
Candidate: generates an item with a single item and generate a suitable for a single item with the given size . < p / >
Reference: create a pending intent from the storable fence
Candidate: this method should be wrong since the player bound in this method may be wrong since something goes wrong since wrong since wrong since wrong since wrong since wrong wrong
Reference: returns true for a static method .
Candidate: returns true for a static method .
Reference: test one string operation using the string cache .
Candidate: test the test to the the text .
Reference: writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist .
Candidate: writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist .
Reference: parses the given string and replaces all occurrences of ' \ n ' , ' \ r ' and ' \ r \ n ' with the system line separator
Candidate: returns a string of the given string .
Reference: decrypt key ( does not use salting , so the encryption result is the same for the same input )
Candidate: decrypt key ( does not use salting , so the encryption result is the same for the same input )
Reference: adds the given location to be the target for artifacts .
Candidate: clear the state of the the sharing state .
Reference: check to see if the ip address is within the ranges specified range can be in the form of : x . x . x . x / yy or
Candidate: this the main on the given argument .
Reference: fills the grid based on positioning the new selection at a specific location . the selection may be moved so that it does not intersect the faded edges . the
Candidate: fills the grid based on positioning the specified location of the item in positioning the selection area . this will be moved to the intersect .
Reference: locates a given field anywhere in the class inheritance hierarchy .
Candidate: locates a given field anywhere in the class inheritance hierarchy .
Reference: this is called by the nested wrapped line views to determine the break location . this can be reimplemented to alter the breaking behavior . it will either break at
Candidate: this method will determine the wrapped views that can be reimplemented to alter the wrapped line . breaking behavior of this method will alter the wrapped line .
Reference: returns an object of class simplex defining the same shape
Candidate: get the normalized lines from the normalized lines .
Reference: injects the configured content files into the destination file .
Candidate: write the to to the .
Reference: check whether charsequence c is empty .
Candidate: returns true if c is empty .
Reference: turns a settings string value into a boolean value .
Candidate: turns a settings string value into an integer value .
Reference: notify this object that it has been deregistered as a listener with a source for named event . this object is responsible for recording this fact .
Candidate: notify this object for recording this object has been deregistered as a listener source . this is responsible for recording this fact
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table discussion
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table user_roles
Reference: the code that does the real work of lookup . as a special case , if the template specifies at least one service type to match , and there are
Candidate: if any of of the next element does least one of the case of
Reference: returns true if the current instance of this task must be run after at least one task in the task manager queue . the criteria for determining what value to
Candidate: returns true if the current task manager is run at least one of the task manager . the criteria must be run after determining what criteria task criteria task criteria
Reference: generate a uuid key string
Candidate: generate a string from the input .
Reference: creates a new array that contains all the values of this vector in the appropriate indices
Candidate: returns the double array of the specified double values .
Reference: a method that will delete a file or folder only if it is within the ' target ' directory ( for safety ) . folders are removed recursively .
Candidate: reloads the given file within the given location .
Reference: parse the content of the given url as a provider - configuration file .
Candidate: parse the content of the file as a provider file .
Reference: initialize the pattern to match files .
Candidate: matcher matcher matcher matcher matcher matcher matcher matcher matcher matcher matcher matcher matcher matcher matcher . matcher matcher matcher matcher matcher matcher matcher matcher matcher matcher matcher matcher matcher matcher
Reference: writes a string to a file . checks for string length , and will automatically wrap lines .
Candidate: print the contents of each file into the specified file .
Reference: update the known attachment points . this method is called whenever topology changes . the method returns true if there ' s any change to the list of attachment points
Candidate: update the list of this method to update the list of attachment points .
Reference: removes soft wraps with offsets equal or larger than a given offset from storage .
Candidate: returns the list of the last starting at the given offset .
Reference: formats given dps ( = damage per second ) to a readable string . with braces .
Candidate: generates a filename filename for the specified filename .
Reference: sets the maximum length of the string . longer strings will be simply truncated .
Candidate: returns a string from the given string .
Reference: escape a string to create a valid json string
Candidate: escape a string to create a valid json string
Reference: answers a sortedset of the specified portion of this treeset which contains elements greater or equal to the start element but less than the end element . the returned sortedset
Candidate: answers an sortedset of the end of the end of the end of the end .
Reference: method that checks if a legion is disbanding
Candidate: this method will add a new member to a legion
Reference: indexes the given field of the provided tuple instance .
Candidate: parse the field from the given tuple .
Reference: iterates from this number down to the given number , inclusive , decrementing by one each time .
Candidate: iterates from the given number down to the given number , inclusive , decrementing by one each time .
Reference: parses attributes of the docuemnt element for this object .
Candidate: read the attributes of attributes docuemnt element for this object .
Reference: this method works around the bizarre semantics of bufferedinputstream ' s read method .
Candidate: this method works around the bizarre semantics of bufferedinputstream ' s read .
Reference: inserts fullscreen information into a list .
Candidate: inserts fullscreen information into the list .
Reference: get an input string corresponding to the given location string . the string will first be resolved to a url and an input stream will be requested from the url
Candidate: gets the location from the given location .
Reference: adds the specified item at the end of the array .
Candidate: adds the item to the priority list .
Reference: copy unmanaged cifs share into new cifs share acls
Candidate: reconfig bind data into a remote propertybindinfo , if the key is changed .
Reference: parse the resource list
Candidate: parse the pidf input
Reference: deletes all entitlements of a existing user
Candidate: deletes all photos of a existing user
Reference: creates the signedproperties dom object element .
Candidate: this method incorporates the signature of the xml value .
Reference: creates the channel selection object
Candidate: creates the channel selection object
Reference: compute the mean of all elements in the array with given indices . no missing values ( nan ) are allowed .
Candidate: compute the mean of all elements with the given indices in the given integrated .
Reference: get the depth of the stack .
Candidate: begins the route and the arena priority .
Reference: setup and run a test .
Candidate: transform condition should fails . note condition should fails should apply different condition should fails . should be run as condition fails .
Reference: import text from file
Candidate: import text from text
Reference: returns list of file cos ids
Candidate: returns list of cos ids
Reference: adds a monitor task to the queue
Candidate: complete tasks tasks listen to connect tasks listen on this graph .
Reference: invoked this to insert newchild at location index in parents children . this will then message nodeswereinserted to create the appropriate event . this is the preferred way to add
Candidate: this method will attach the children in this node to the specified location nodeswereinserted to create the preferred children . this will create the preferred way to create the preferred
Reference: return the probe ' s next sample .
Candidate: return the probe ' s next sample .
Reference: writes the lines given in input in file .
Candidate: writes a file to the file .
Reference: verifies if the given chunk authentication tag equals the one in the authentication tag list , but does not verify if the complete list of all authentication tags is valid
Candidate: validates the authentication tag to the authentication tag . the authentication tag authentication tag variables .
Reference: returns the mime type for the given extension .
Candidate: returns the mime type for the given extension .
Reference: update the cache with this binder
Candidate: registers an image for this element .
Reference: removes new line characters ( useful for base64 decoding )
Candidate: return a string for a string .
Reference: parse the spring integration route file and return dom document .
Candidate: creates a new svg document exposes this strategy doesn ' t work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work
Reference: remove a dted directoryhandler from the list used for the dtedframecache .
Candidate: remove a dted directoryhandler to be used for the .
Reference: add a file to the binary package
Candidate: get the given of the given uri .
Reference: writes the entire contents of this byte stream to the specified output stream .
Candidate: writes the entire contents of the byte stream to the specified output stream .
Reference: read from input to establish our buffer of " parse ahead " lookahead symbols .
Candidate: establish the parse symbols from the lookahead symbols .
Reference: this method creates a new vector which does not contain the first element up to the specified limit .
Candidate: adds a node in this rule .
Reference: writes the header for zones csv file
Candidate: writes the header to include the
Reference: called when the view navigates .
Candidate: called when the view navigates .
Reference: delay task to be executed after refresh
Candidate: add a tabfragment to the viewpageradapter .
Reference: replace all occurrences of the regular expression with the replacement . the replacement string can contain $ 1 , $ 2 etc . referring to matched groups in the regular
Candidate: replace all occurrences of the regular expression and the replacement string .
Reference: migrates entities and skips those which are already migrated .
Candidate: finds the list of object to the entity .
Reference: adds entries to the passed in map , using the supplied appname as the key . the value is a new , empty set if both oldset and newset are
Candidate: add a new to the link string to the new table .
Reference: start housekeeping for a child thread managed by the launcher ' s housekeeping , but not spawned by the launcher itself , e . g . comet , websocket ,
Candidate: start housekeeping for a thread ' s child managed by the launcher thread . spawned launcher , e . g . comet , websocket , .
Reference: the graphical representation of the labels on the x axis .
Candidate: the graphical representation of the labels on the x axis .
Reference: base64 - encode the given byte array to a string .
Candidate: encode the given string in the base64 encoding .
Reference: decode the base64 - encoded data in input and return the data in a new byte array . < p > the padding ' = ' characters at the end
Candidate: decode the base64 - encoded data in input and return the data in a new byte array . < p > the padding ' = ' characters at the end
Reference: returns whether the specified object equals to this finite field .
Candidate: returns whether the specified object equals to this finite field .
Reference: the int [ ] will be in the form : [ chunkx , chunkz , pos1x , pos1z , pos2x , pos2z , isedge ] and will represent the bottom
Candidate: reads a a a a a a a new to the the .
Reference: creates new serializer with configuration from this builder
Candidate: compiles a build tree for the given class .
Reference: loads a binary file from the input stream .
Candidate: loads the loading from the given inputstream from the given inputstream .
Reference: returns true for long and double
Candidate: decodes boolean numeric boolean boolean numeric type boolean numeric type boolean numeric type boolean numeric type boolean numeric type boolean numeric type boolean numeric type boolean numeric type type type
Reference: you can add sections to filter the input specification , so livingdoc will only execute the specified sections .
Candidate: add the rule from the provided rule .
Reference: consumes a crlf from the request . todo : this is too liberal , the spec insists on \ r \ n for new lines .
Candidate: normalizes the argument to the before i . e . before the end of the before calling the control ' t change to the end of the methods .
Reference: process logoutrequest return the session found or throw samlserviceexception
Candidate: sets the session id , and sets session id .
Reference: override the equals method . two coverageintvdts are equal if and only iff their respective attribute and value members are equal .
Candidate: override method to determine if two coverageintvdts are equal .
Reference: consume a file . jobs are put in an bounded queue and executed in serial , in a separate thread . this method blocks when the queue bound is reached
Candidate: waits for the to the specified directory . < p / > this should have been generated by the windows .
Reference: adds multivalued option to arguments .
Candidate: adds multivalued option to arguments .
Reference: or for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter
Candidate: andnot for two positive numbers ; the first is longer .
Reference: ensures that our weakreference to the activity is still valid . if it isn ' t , throw an exception saying that the activity needs to be set .
Candidate: creates activity activity activity activity activity activity activity .
Reference: starts the timer . alive timers will be checked from then on .
Candidate: start the timer .
Reference: calculates whether the url is a landing page or not
Candidate: indicates whether the url is a url .
Reference: writes the index row count definitions into a table definition buffer .
Candidate: create an instance of the given output stream .
Reference: send a string using udp to an already specified remoteaddress .
Candidate: send a string to multicast address .
Reference: initializer , startup the background expired token deletion thread and key updater thread ( no op unless multi vdc )
Candidate: starts the current " minutes in your program .
Reference: find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
Reference: renders a string representation of this object .
Candidate: returns a string representation of the string .
Reference: does the work of getting the path .
Candidate: does the work of getting the path .
Reference: generate an array of spanned items representing the history of this connection .
Candidate: generate an array of spanned items representing the history of this connection .
Reference: signs the global configuration directory content .
Candidate: generates a instance instance instance instance instance instance instance instance instance instance instance instance instance instance instance instance instance instance instance instance instance instance instance instance instance instance instance instance
Reference: requires the next few characters ( after whitespace ) to match the argument .
Candidate: check if the match is matches the specified pattern .
Reference: convenience method to de - serialize a byte array back into an object who ' s class type is resolved by the specific classloader . < p / >
Candidate: convenience method to concatenated the concatenated concatenated of de - specific of de - an array of buffer , de - specific - p / >
Reference: this is used to build partial intervals .
Candidate: returns the as as a display as a base .
Reference: returns true if the dictionary contains true for the given key or false if no value is defined for the key .
Candidate: returns true key value pair keys are treated as key value . < p > true if value are same key .
Reference: cannot create shopping cart item with no parameters
Candidate: creates a new instance of the chart .
Reference: bind the specified stream to the current thread .
Candidate: bind the current stream to the specified thread .
Reference: init map image layer
Candidate: adjusts the zoom to the relative to to the screen around to zoom around to the pixel relative opengl texture zoom to zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom
Reference: returns the sample skew of a data sequence . ref : r . r . sokal , f . j . rohlf , biometry : the principles and practice of
Candidate: compute a gts positive number starting in normal .
Reference: evolves the specified permutations using the pmx operator .
Candidate: evolves the specified permutations using the pmx operator .
Reference: helper function for uploadnewnertask2 : extract certain token spans from the html token spans that the crowdflower job task1 uses to display a text fragment . it is used to
Candidate: returns a new , which can contain within the specified , which can be within the receiver , within the receiver . sequentially .
Reference: cleans up when the chain finishes ( possibly early ) .
Candidate: this method that will be called in the order of the in the list of all output that it .
Reference: return true if delay exists
Candidate: returns true if delay exists .
Reference: push boolean value on to the spacepreserve stack depending on the value of xml : space = default / preserve .
Candidate: push boolean value to the spacepreserve depending on xml = value preserve the default value .
Reference: registers a commonly - used set of deviceservices with discoverymanager . this method will be called on first call of startdiscovery if no deviceservices have been registered . - castdiscoveryprovider
Candidate: read the properties from the currently specified tag .
Reference: method stub for sub classes do not call from fxdialog e . g . when a user press the " ok " button
Candidate: kill the the test to tweak targetmbpersec .
Reference: create an inputstreamreader that uses the named character encoding . is - an inputstreamenc - the name of a supported character encoding - if the named encoding is not supported
Candidate: reads the contents of the input stream from the specified stream .
Reference: the consumer object from the broker or the key used to store the sender
Candidate: performs a message of the task based on the dispatcher .
Reference: return a string representation of a decoded cbus message
Candidate: decode the string - decoded to the string canmessage
Reference: classify example with maximum vote the following way . with every rule in the decisionlist , it is evaluated if the given instance could be the class of the rule
Candidate: calculates an config previously config config . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Reference: we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
Candidate: we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
Reference: the hash code for all sunhints . value objects will be the same as the system identity code of the object as defined by the system . identityhashcode ( )
Candidate: returns the hash code based on this tracer .
Reference: returns a deep copy of this iterator . the cloned iterator is not reset .
Candidate: returns a deep copy of this iterator . the cloned iterator is not reset .
Reference: disallow construction of utility class .
Candidate: don ' t ' t need to create others .
Reference: this method is here because there is no equals on eckey .
Candidate: returns true if the given collection is currently connected to the appropriate api .
Reference: adds a copy of the given byte array as a data element ( i . e . pushdata ) at the end of the program .
Candidate: adds the given number to the op_n opcode to the number of bytes .
Reference: sets the rotation angle , in radians , of all 2d rotation planes added to this builder .
Candidate: returns all 2d rotation planes , this angle .
Reference: this method writes a user registry xml
Candidate: check the method of files this method
Reference: converts the specified double to its string representation .
Candidate: converts the specified double to its string representation .
Reference: see specification gbt 18284 - 2000
Candidate: see specification gbt 18284 - 2000
Reference: sugar method to creates a record for this type . < p > the java interface is added to the metadata in the ` service . interface ` key .
Candidate: generates a random mode .
Reference: initializes a new stopwatch .
Candidate: creates a set of gauges using the default mxbeans .
Reference: carry out a lookup in the cache with the given parameters , for a request with output type audio .
Candidate: writes a csv string with a csv string and a csv algorithm .
Reference: will add the condition to the list .
Candidate: creates a new regular expression condition .
Reference: reads the remaining bytes in a bytebuffer into a byte [ ] .
Candidate: convert a byte to the byte buffer .
Reference: peek into . flex file to get package and class name
Candidate: parse the file at the specified file and the the specified file .
Reference: prints msg and exception to system . out .
Candidate: print the msg reporting the log exception .
Reference: fetch the rp protected target virtual pool uris .
Candidate: get the metadata of the given target map .
Reference: creates a nsdata object from a file . using the files contents as the contents of this nsdata object .
Candidate: creates a nsdata file from a file file .
Reference: compute the number of bits set to 1
Candidate: compute the cardinality of bits of the set of bits .
Reference: de - escapes a literal . the only escaped character processed is the double quotation mark .
Candidate: parse the string representation of the http kb .
Reference: get the real uri from the cookie " domain " and " path " attributes , if they are not set then uses the uri provided ( coming from the
Candidate: get the real uri from the cookie " " and then the " domain if they are not then uses the attributes coming from the provided uri .
Reference: send an info log message
Candidate: send info log message
Reference: add not null entry to list
Candidate: add not null entry to list
Reference: creates a new dnewkeystoretype dialog .
Candidate: creates a new dupgradecryptostrength dialog .
Reference: pretty printing accumulator function for longs
Candidate: pretty printing accumulator function for longs
Reference: replace substrings of one string with another string and return altered string .
Candidate: replace substrings of one string with another string and return altered string .
Reference: helper method for * setobject * tests . insert data into the given preparedstatement , or any of its subclasses , with the following structure : 1 - ` id
Candidate: generate an instance of with a given date .
Reference: unregisters an event listener .
Candidate: removes a listener from the list .
Reference: this method is an infinite loop that periodically checks if there are any new messages in the job coordinator stream , and reads them if they exist . then it
Candidate: start the processing loop .
Reference: clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above
Candidate: clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above
Reference: this method deals with the fact , that the decoding process doesn ' t always yield a single most likely value . the current error correction implementation doesn ' t
Candidate: this method deals with the fact that the decoding doesn ' t ' t ' t ' t ' t ' t ' t ' t ' t ' t
Reference: readobject is called to restore the state of the servicepermission from a stream .
Candidate: readobject is called to restore the state of the propertypermission from a stream .
Reference: gets the index of the pred block associated with the registerspec at the particular getsources ( ) index .
Candidate: returns the space of
Reference: constructs a lockablefilewriter with a file encoding .
Candidate: constructs a lockablefilewriter with a file encoding .
Reference: append the description text for this program , if one exists .
Candidate: create a byte [ ] [ ] ] [ ] ] [ ] ] [ ] ] [ ] ] ] [ ] ] ] [ ] ] ] ]
Reference: decodes data from base64 notation , automatically detecting gzip - compressed data and decompressing it .
Candidate: decodes the utf - 8 - 8 bytes from the input stream .
Reference: makes a url out of a location , as either a file or a resource .
Candidate: utility method to concatenate the extreme medoids at the given location .
Reference: coerces a string into a value .
Candidate: parse a double value into a pairs into a string of a parsed pairs .
Reference: a locale independent version of touppercase .
Candidate: locale independent version of touppercase .
Reference: writedata - - output the completed modbus message to dout
Candidate: writedata - - output this modbus message to dout .
Reference: update the environment variables .
Candidate: adds the new statement .
Reference: creates a new character class for each character of the specified string .
Candidate: normalizes the contents of the fp whitespace .
Reference: this notifies all wan sites about updated timestamp on local site .
Candidate: forwards the method for testing .
Reference: returns the next occurrence of the regular expression , stepping forward the tokenizer to the next line .
Candidate: find the next token from the end of the current token .
Reference: remove a service node from the node list
Candidate: remove a service node from the node list
Reference: return a copy of the result as a string . < p > the default version of this method copies the result into a temporary byte array and then tries
Candidate: returns the contents of the remaining bytes .
Reference: initializes this static object with the context of the calling activity .
Candidate: initializes the static object with the context of the calling activity .
Reference: adds a content item .
Candidate: adds a content items .
Reference: executes a websocket handshake . will throw an ioexception if the handshake fails
Candidate: processes the specified key .
Reference: sets the minimum and deals with the - 1 initialization ! .
Candidate: sets the minimum colors .
Reference: emits any opportunistically available blocks . furthermore , emits blocks until the number of executing tasks is less than taskcountallowed .
Candidate: awaits until decoding connects decoding times fills completed times until no times until no times until no times until no times until no times until no times until no times
Reference: rotate theta degrees about the x axis
Candidate: rotate theta degrees about the x axis
Reference: test of auditcompleted method , of class auditservicethreadqueueimpl .
Candidate: * the * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Reference: scales a rect about its centroid
Candidate: this method to grow the coordinates in the given buffer .
Reference: returns a unprintableextcharhandler parsed from the given index code strings .
Candidate: returns an internationalcharhandler parsed from the given index code strings .
Reference: determines the height of this view
Candidate: determines the height of this view
Reference: checks if the id is null ( or matches the null_uri ) .
Candidate: returns true if the given is matches the null_uri ) .
Reference: check if there are pending downloads and if so move the top one up to the active list .
Candidate: stops the download ' s download error . completed .
Reference: limit number within a values range . this method not consider the sign and the upper and lower values limit order .
Candidate: convert the passed value within the passed value within the passed range .
Reference: creates and displays the title .
Candidate: creates and displays the title
Reference: according to the different type of network to determine whether the network connection .
Candidate: check if network is connected connected network connectivity .
Reference: delete an item by position
Candidate: resolves an item item item item item item item item item item item item item item item item item item item item item item item item item item item item
Reference: converts the color channel value according to the offest within the distance
Candidate: calculates the distance between the given successive pacing iterations .
Reference: apply matrix to handle the image inside the image view .
Candidate: apply the image of the image inside the image .
Reference: add a listener to be notified when startup is complete .
Candidate: adds a new to the startup .
Reference: quietly closes given resource ignoring possible checked exceptions .
Candidate: quietly closes given given resource .
Reference: start creating the optimized file . this operation resets the state of the optimizer task , so it can be re - used for subsequent invocations .
Candidate: creates a a command , normally if a file is a , if it is a future .
Reference: creates a des encryption key from the given key material .
Candidate: creates a des encryption key material from the given key .
Reference: see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 9 and annex b , b . 2
Candidate: see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 9 and annex b , b . 2
Reference: checks that the given string is a valid type descriptor .
Candidate: checks that the given string is a valid type descriptor .
Reference: this exists solely so that the web ide can override it and use a different jsoutput
Candidate: reads the serial resource from the raw resource .
Reference: gets the combined text contents of each element in the set of matched elements , including their descendants . text is html decoded for text nodes .
Candidate: retrieves a node of type .
Reference: scans the xpointer expression
Candidate: scans the xpointer expression .
Reference: adds a line from the smap
Candidate: used by line line line line by line line by line line by line line by line line by line line by line line by line line by line line
Reference: creates a string from the contents of a stringbuffer .
Candidate: creates a string with the given string .
Reference: return the number of signers in the collection .
Candidate: return the number of signers in the collection .
Reference: util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
Candidate: util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
Reference: methods for starting asynchronous execution . the child process inherits all environment variables of the parent process . result provided to callback handler .
Candidate: methods starting asynchronous execution for starting starting starting by all child methods .
Reference: returns the range of x - values in the specified dataset for the data items belonging to the visible series .
Candidate: creates the data for the graph .
Reference: constructs the libertymanager client
Candidate: creates a new paletteswatcheschooser
Reference: checks for compliance related attributes if applicable . the check can be over - ridden by setting the ignorecompliance to true
Candidate: this method to assert that the attribute value ' s value which is exist to the attribute value .
Reference: set mask zoning map
Candidate: updates zoning storage information for unmanaged given export mask information .
Reference: wait session invitation answer
Candidate: reject the session invitation
Reference: called to move within the selected range of the given jtable . this method uses the table ' s notion of selection , which is important to allow the user
Candidate: whether the day around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around
Reference: constructs the x ( t ) vector .
Candidate: compute the x - value .
Reference: read stream as binary stl . this is significantly faster than ascii parsing . additionally binary files are much more compressed allowing smaller file sizes for larger models compared to
Candidate: read stream from stream stream , we need to read out stream , rather than utf - 8 .
Reference: returns the number of components that are stored in this container .
Candidate: indicates the number of buffered identifier . this identifier .
Reference: round ( bigdecimal , mathcontext ) when precision = 0
Candidate: round bigdecimal ( mathcontext ) = int precision
Reference: eliminate below less frequency n - grams and noise latin alphabets
Candidate: applies the of of the given of the the .
Reference: returns the string representation of this vector .
Candidate: returns the string representation of this vector .
Reference: translates a string into a token endpoint auth method type .
Candidate: returns null if the given type is null .
Reference: generate the internal sorted hashmap for tags . please note the partition tags should not be included in the result map .
Candidate: generate the sorted hashmap tags please note tags partition tags tags tags tags tags tags tags tags tags tags tags tags tags tags does not the partition tags .
Reference: utility method that iterates over a shape object and prints out the points . the flattening is used for a flatteningpathiterator , controlling the scope of the path traversal .
Candidate: add a ' ' s representing a java representing the tools representing the list of tools . representing the rules ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s
Reference: shorten the class name .
Candidate: creates a new instance of a char artifact .
Reference: adds a graphic to the overlay .
Candidate: adds a graphic to the overlay .
Reference: returns the string representation .
Candidate: returns the string representation .
Reference: performs the native glx flip operation for the given target component .
Candidate: performs the given component of the given component . the given component , or wgl - style , or the target component .
Reference: add " onproperty p " information , and tell p to point back here .
Candidate: add a property to a sequence .
Reference: initialise google analytics immediately so it will catch all sorts of errors prior to easytracker onstart . also makes sensible exception stack traces if you want .
Candidate: initialise google analytics prior catch sorts conditions prior to easytracker onstart .
Reference: called when the user moves . marks the end of a timing instance .
Candidate: create ui api for ui ui ui ui ui ui ui
Reference: reads in 16 bytes in standard network byte order .
Candidate: creates a new instance of the given .
Reference: called by the generated handler code when an enter element event is consumed . < p > pushes a new attribute set . < p > note that attributes are
Candidate: generates an attribute name on the xml element .
Reference: adds a finally clause for earch return statement .
Candidate: adds a finally clause for earch return statement .
Reference: returns the next xml meta token . this is used for skipping over < ! . . . > and < ? . . . ? > structures .
Candidate: returns the next xml meta token . this is used for skipping over . < ! . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Reference: check if we ' ve crossed a reasonable touch slop for the given child view . if the child cannot be dragged along the horizontal or vertical axis , motion
Candidate: check if we ' ve crossed a reasonable touch slop for the given child view . if the child cannot be dragged along the horizontal or vertical axis , motion
Reference: encode a list into json text and write it to out . if this list is also a jsonstreamaware or a jsonaware , jsonstreamaware and jsonaware specific behaviours will be
Candidate: encode a list into a json list . if it is also a jsonstreamaware or a jsonaware , jsonstreamaware and jsonaware specific behaviours will be
Reference: reads color table as 256 rgb integer values
Candidate: load values - 256 color - 16 - integer values
Reference: update the last modified time .
Candidate: update the last modified time modified time modified time modified time modified time modified time modified time modified time modified time modified time modified time modified time modified time modified
Reference: push an import href onto the stylesheet stack .
Candidate: push an import href onto the stylesheet stack .
Reference: based on a public certificate , private key , alias and password , this method will load the certificate and private key as an entry into the keystore , and
Candidate: a a key is a a key .
Reference: returns true if the given indicator file needs to be reloaded .
Candidate: returns true if the file has been recorded in the file .
Reference: draws the chart legend .
Candidate: draws the chart legend .
Reference: parses repository definition . json , smile and yaml formats are supported
Candidate: restore a packet from the provided byte definition .
Reference: disables all buttons in the interface
Candidate: disables all pending data and fills it handles all buttons are acked .
Reference: recursive . generate the first and second of the sequence , check if the rest of the string match the sum recursively . i is the length of first number
Candidate: parses xml type text from xml xml xml xml xml xml ?
Reference: writes the given string to android logcat .
Candidate: start the end of the start of the start .
Reference: add a switch port to the quarantine queue . schedule the quarantine task if the quarantine queue was empty before adding this switch port .
Candidate: add the switch port to the quarantine queue . schedule the quarantine queue if the quarantine queue was empty task .
Reference: the method prepares the sort_index and sort_index_inverted data
Candidate: converts an initial row into a array .
Reference: add one geojson feature to this freeformpointset from a jackson node tree . com . bedatadriven . geojson only exposed its streaming geometry parser as a public method . i
Candidate: this method also recursively . the given .
Reference: initialises the bit string from a character string of 1s and 0s in big - endian order .
Candidate: creates a random generator for a random random / random attachment .
Reference: sorts the individuals in ascending order according to their performance , thus the best one will be in last position .
Candidate: this method will be the in the population in the individual .
Reference: writes the current dom document into the given writer .
Candidate: writes the writer to the writer writer .
Reference: sets executor to executors . newfixedthreadpool ( default_pool_size ) and handler to new handler ( )
Candidate: sets executor to executors . newfixedthreadpool ( default_pool_size ) and handler handler
Reference: determine whether the given method is a cglib ' renamed ' method , following the pattern " cglib $ methodname $ 0 " .
Candidate: checks if the given name is a legal .
Reference: creates a password reset exception object with localizable error message .
Candidate: creates a password reset object .
Reference: returns a union of 2 arrays , ensuring that each string exists only once .
Candidate: compares two strings lexicographically .
Reference: \ notice window state change when wm changes a property on the window . . . \
Candidate: checks whether the user is disabled .
Reference: the here function returns a node - set containing the attribute or processing instruction node or the parent element of the text node that directly bears the xpath expression .
Candidate: construct the contents of policy node represents an xml policy node . these these represents these these these these these these represents these these these these these parameters . these
Reference: returns the largest ( " top " ) n values in the column
Candidate: returns the smallest n " values in the column in the "
Reference: grab the class from the signature
Candidate: grab the signature of the signature against the signature .
Reference: create a metricdelta set for tagged metrics and initialize it with the given collection .
Candidate: construct a collector a byte array .
Reference: returns the number of nodes in this model ' s nodelist .
Candidate: returns the size of the nodeset
Reference: returns the next element .
Candidate: deletes an item from the given item .
Reference: return a new byte string with bytes 0x00 , 0x01 and 0x02 escaped . < p > these bytes are reserved to represent respectively the rdn separator , the ava
Candidate: convert an optional of the provided byte values in the provided collection .
Reference: repeat the current input list
Candidate: takes an argument to an output that takes an takes an takes an takes an takes an takes an takes an takes an takes an takes an takes an takes
Reference: replaces all occurrences of several class names in the class file .
Candidate: replaces all occurrences of several file names in the class file .
Reference: called on request from the ui to return to the previous page .
Candidate: handles return to return the request request .
Reference: constructs a new exception with the given cause , copying the message from the cause into this instance .
Candidate: creates a new exception with given throwable as a cause and source of error message .
Reference: the " size " of the line from 0 , 0 to x , y
Candidate: calculates the absolute value to this this .
Reference: called by parent when adb session is complete .
Candidate: called when the user has clicked from the user .
Reference: returns the authorization challenges appropriate for this response ' s code . if the response code is 401 unauthorized , this returns the " www - authenticate " challenges .
Candidate: returns the authorization challenges appropriate for this ' s response if the response is 401 401 401 unauthorized , the " www - authenticate " challenges .
Reference: converts the given session to bytes .
Candidate: converts session bytes to the given session .
Reference: creates a new random number generator . < p > the instance is initialized using the current time plus the system identity hash code of this instance as the seed
Candidate: this method should be called in the current state .
Reference: internal method to verify the timestamp on a certificate
Candidate: checks the certificate certificate on the certificate certificate the certificate certificate .
Reference: encrypts a password < p > protocol for authentication is like this : 1 . mysql server sends a random array of bytes ( the seed ) 2 . client
Candidate: given password and password that need to the given hash .
Reference: returns the number of rows of the receiver .
Candidate: returns the size of the underlying ' s size size .
Reference: reads the contents of an inputstream into a byte [ ] .
Candidate: reads the contents of an inputstream into a byte [ ] .
Reference: a byte array into its hex string representation
Candidate: converts an array to the specified byte array .
Reference: wrap a proto in a checkedmessage and compute the checksum .
Candidate: wrap a proto in a checkedmessage and compute the checksum .
Reference: if necessary , reduce this image to within ' width ' x ' height ' dimensions . limit the reduction by ' limit '
Candidate: estimates the given image for the given given width of a given height .
Reference: installs a replacement sound as the builtin sound responsible for the given sound identifier ( this will override the system sound if such a sound exists ) .
Candidate: loads the data from the specified stream .
Reference: returns the number of all pages that contain a template the name of which starts with any of the the given strings .
Candidate: parses all which which which which which which which which which which which which which which which which which which which which which which which which which which which which
Reference: get the encoding value of a glyph given its name and a charset .
Candidate: extracts the name of the given name .
Reference: transform source bitmap to targeted width and height
Candidate: transform source to targeted width and height .
Reference: scores a collection of track results .
Candidate: adds the data to the data .
Reference: returns a current time seconds from epoch .
Candidate: get the number of time in milliseconds . currenttimemillis ago .
Reference: send a verbose log message .
Candidate: send a verbose log message .
Reference: sugar encodes a single point as a byte array
Candidate: generates n encoding bytes representing the bytes bytes representing the bytes of bytes bytes . bytes bytes .
Reference: stores long value with volatile semantic .
Candidate: writes a long value to the native long .
Reference: runs commands as root ( if available ) and return output
Candidate: runs commands and return the output .
Reference: draws a circle of radius r , centered on ( x , y ) .
Candidate: provides a scaled circle , scaled width , scaled width , scaled width .
Reference: prints a double followed by a newline .
Candidate: prints a double followed by a newline .
Reference: write a 32 bit signed value
Candidate: write a 32 bit bit to the output stream .
Reference: checks each character and replaces it with its mapping .
Candidate: returns the number of number of the to the the of of the vectors , metric , and the number of zero metric . .
Reference: adds the button pressed listener .
Candidate: add a listener sashform listener .
Reference: dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used
Candidate: dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used
Reference: adds an attribute to the xmlattributes object .
Candidate: calls the attributes of the in the case of the attributes in the passed in the case where the match . < p >
Reference: creates a jcomponent with the properties to be changed . this component is suitable for inclusion into a gui .
Candidate: loads the properties from the specified properties properties .
Reference: copies the given file to the output stream continously , i . e . not stop when end of file is reached , but rather wait for additional data to
Candidate: writes the data to the specified stream .
Reference: deserialize a header from a source into the supplied kdbheader
Candidate: load the inner - internal stream . refer to the constant .
Reference: transform the annotations on the given annotated declaration for inclusion on the given target element type
Candidate: create and fully and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and
Reference: runs the test case .
Candidate: runs the test case .
Reference: returns whether the user has granted all the requested permission
Candidate: returns true if the histogram is empty .
Reference: fetches the charset to be used for any given locale from cache
Candidate: convert a map to the command .
Reference: paints a portion of a highlight .
Candidate: paints a portion of a highlight .
Reference: adds a pending control roll to the list for this phase .
Candidate: saves the to infantry roll to infantry roll to infantry roll to infantry roll to infantry roll to infantry roll to infantry roll to infantry roll to infantry roll to
Reference: processes the given add - on changes .
Candidate: add secondary add secondary sub - add secondary add the add add the secondary add the secondary add the secondary add the secondary if necessary . add add add add
Reference: recalculate the derived color from the uimanager parent color and offsets
Candidate: recalculate the color from the uimanager parent offsets .
Reference: returns string representation of oid . note : it is supposed that passed array of integers contains valid oid value , so no checks are performed .
Candidate: returns string representation of oid array . note : supposed that are supposed passed valid oid oid oid oid oid oid oid oid oid oid oid oid oid oid oid
Reference: grows the size of the stack
Candidate: grows the size of the stack
Reference: called by the thread before going into the idle state .
Candidate: start the idle state by the child than the idle thread .
Reference: adds a cached span to the in - memory representation .
Candidate: adds a cached span to the memory representation .
Reference: compares this name with another , for equality .
Candidate: compares two state of this renderer .
Reference: request repainting of all the child panels .
Candidate: paints all components of the component .
Reference: validates a dns name for format
Candidate: validates a dns name for
Reference: reads the first comment line from the input , and returns the comment line ( including the line break character ) without the leading " # " .
Candidate: helper to the newline preceding " from the given string .
Reference: finds the first occurrence of the separator character ignoring the escaped separators starting from the index . note the substring between the index and the position of the separator is
Candidate: returns the next string to the next element . the ordinal value is the individual value for the character , the the individual value is the to the the ,
Reference: guess a content type from the url .
Candidate: strips http url .
Reference: used for testing - - input is a full csv line : < freq , domain , ip , ts , opt : generic >
Candidate: convert a string into a string .
Reference: connects to the currently configured system .
Candidate: creates a loconet packet .
Reference: sets http response cache validator headers appropriately and validates the http request against these using any conditional request headers . if the request contains conditional headers , and those headers
Candidate: makes the given resource and makes the given and makes the given and makes the given and makes the given and makes the given and makes the given and makes
Reference: collect the active ivr zoneset , and its zones , members
Candidate: runs an internal - blocking .
Reference: get an empty immutable array .
Candidate: get an empty immutable array .
Reference: the new ordered list of non - optional non - minus nodes . if recomputeddefinitelyproduced variables is set to false , the definitely produced variables will not be recomputed (
Candidate: places the list of nodes in the list list list list list list list list list list list list list list list list list list list list list list list
Reference: returns a string description of an accountable and any nested resources . this is intended for development and debugging .
Candidate: returns a human readable string for a string .
Reference: returns a hash code for this node .
Candidate: computes the hash value for the same hashcode . this function also have the same hashcode for the same type , which hashcode for the same name , which hashcode
Reference: deletes a type vertex - can be entity ( class type ) or just vertex ( struct / trait type )
Candidate: don ' utility function / ' s objects in this entity objects . com / local entity / entity / entity / entity / entity / entity / entity /
Reference: read the reader line for line and return the result in a list
Candidate: reads a list from a list reader .
Reference: adds cache context to shared cache context .
Candidate: load and load statistics statistics statistics .
Reference: this method was added to address [ jackson - 53 ] : need to weed out cglib - injected " getcallbacks " . at this point caller has detected a
Candidate: returns true if possible or returns the following entry is found , or possible for possible found , possible to possible .
Reference: compares this namedmediatype to another .
Candidate: returns the value value as this value .
Reference: returns true if the underlying dependencies have changed .
Candidate: returns true if the dependencies have changed with changed .
Reference: returns a replacedelement for some element in the stream which should be replaceable , but is not . this might be the case for an element like img , where
Candidate: find the and returns the appropriate for the given .
Reference: compares whether this fxgversion ' s value is greater than the value of the version parameter .
Candidate: writes the forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward
Reference: creates a basic data source .
Candidate: gets a pooled words .
Reference: find the names of a given object .
Candidate: check what the items in the object object like the given object in what does nothing like this object like the object ' s object like the recursively .
Reference: keep the current item in the center . this functions does not check if the current item is null .
Candidate: check the item in the current view functions . the current functions functions .
Reference: add a metaobject to the state .
Candidate: adds the result to the sub iteration . note that it will be added to the result .
Reference: removes the word from the stopword list
Candidate: removes the occurrence of the substring .
Reference: add two numbers of different length and sign . the first is positive . the second is longer .
Candidate: add two numbers of different length sign and the first is positive . the second is longer .
Reference: adds the item to the internal list .
Candidate: removes the items at the specified item in the specified component . if it is already exists .
Reference: calculate the bounds for a view ' s title
Candidate: calculate the bounds for a view ' s title
Reference: invokeall ( empty collection ) returns empty collection
Candidate: timed invokeall ( ) completed task completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed
Reference: assigns description to a package
Candidate: initializer initializer tells initializer initializer initializer initializer initializer initializer initializer initializer initializer initializer initializer initializer initializer initializer initializer initializer initializer initializer initializer initializer initializer initializer initializer initializer initializer initializer initializer
Reference: closes this stream . this implementation closes the source stream .
Candidate: closes the xmlstreamreader stream .
Reference: creates the blockobject blockmirror data .
Candidate: creates a blockobject remote data data .
Reference: starts the server by starting all endpoints this server is assigned to . each endpoint binds to its port . if no endpoint is assigned to the server , an
Candidate: look the connected http re using the http http http http http http http http http http http http http http http http http http http http http http http
Reference: appends the json representation of the specified string to the end of this array .
Candidate: appends the json representation of the list of the list .
Reference: retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other list . in other words , removes from the receiver all of its
Candidate: retains ( keeps only elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other list .
Reference: forwards caught exceptions to input stream .
Candidate: forwards caught exceptions .
Reference: clears the result that may has been set .
Candidate: opens the connector and responds to the window .
Reference: returns a list of the elements invoking tostring on non - null elements .
Candidate: returns a collection of the given collection .
Reference: check if value within allowed range .
Candidate: check if the value is allowed within
Reference: replaces the place holders by parameters
Candidate: add a new added dom policy .
Reference: searches for a qualifier selector in a node : [ ? qualname = " value " ] - an element in an array , chosen by a qualifier value .
Candidate: validate all column of the row table table .
Reference: are multiple occurrences of frame allowed
Candidate: verify that if we ok -
Reference: parse an xml configuration from a file
Candidate: parses an xml configuration from an xml document .
Reference: empirical conditional hilbert - schmidt dependence measure y and x given z
Candidate: calculates inverse for for initial state and inverse writes inverse - statistics .
Reference: create a a . toc file specificed by the frame file list , at the location specified .
Candidate: construct a new instance from the given input stream , and a readobject threshold sends together having totals ] stores totals socket stores 20 obtain obtain obtain obtain obtain obtain
Reference: queue the given event in the event queue .
Candidate: posts the request and sends the specified and the progress bar .
Reference: choose an alias to authenticate the server side of a secure socket given the public key type and the list of certificate issuer authorities recognized by the peer ( if
Candidate: choose an alias to authenticate the socket side of a secure certificate socket . if the socket does not recognized the list of the peer of the peer of the
Reference: procesa el escaneo de una imagen en modo nativo
Candidate: listen to initialize the buffered file .
Reference: convenience method to create a path . calls init ( ) automatically .
Candidate: creates a new path path . path . path .
Reference: read statementlines from inputstream .
Candidate: receive notification of an artist .
Reference: load ignore file using . tfignore file from users ; if user does not specify . tfignore , using ours !
Candidate: load default excclude patterns for java
Reference: remove the 1st occurrence of the argument ( core mutation method ) .
Candidate: removes method removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes removes
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: returns true if the string is a valid value .
Reference: constructs an attribute from pkcs9 attribute .
Candidate: adds the attribute attribute to note : do not work to do the reference to do % the reference to do not work to do not work to do not
Reference: method used to put note object into database
Candidate: don ' t ' t support to format .
Reference: make sure that the transaction ids in the given messages are not 0 and differ between each other . while it ' s not a defect per se if the
Candidate: make sure that the transaction ids in the given messages are not 0 and differ between each other . while it ' s not a defect per se if the
Reference: adds a " next " node ( node to the right or bottom ) to this divider ' s list of next nodes .
Candidate: add a new vertices ( perpendicular ) to the vertices under this interpreter . this method does not see if there vertices of vertices vertices vertices vertices vertices vertices vertices
Reference: callback for the config dialog
Candidate: handle the config for
Reference: see the general contract of the readutf method of datainput . bytes for this operation are read from the contained input stream .
Candidate: note that this string note that can note that note note note note note note note note note note note note note note note note note note note note that
Reference: for debugging purposes , it ' s useful to insert print statements here .
Candidate: add a new to the list of .
Reference: reset all internal state to be at the top of the grid .
Candidate: reset all internal state to be at the top of the grid .
Reference: calls super . nexttoken ( ) and prints out a string representation of token type and content .
Candidate: get a string nexttoken representation of this file .
Reference: return the repaintmanager for the calling thread given a component .
Candidate: returns the repaintmanager of the specified repaintmanager and returns the specified appcontext .
Reference: determines if the given port wwn is a recoverpoint initiator .
Candidate: checks to see if packet is an sync packet to sync storage packet implies immediately immediately on the underlying packet .
Reference: checks if a xml character is well - formed
Candidate: checks if xml character is a well xml
Reference: initialization when the websocket completes .
Candidate: sends a message to the buffer buffer .
Reference: < ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
Candidate: < ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
Reference: removes wheel clicking listener
Candidate: removes wheel clicking listener
Reference: adds the given section to the list of sections . sections in the medusa library usually are less eye - catching than areas .
Candidate: add the given list of the list of sections to the list of sections .
Reference: checks if it ' s worth to try to wrap target line ( it ' s long enough ) and tries to calculate preferred wrap position .
Candidate: compares the specified space in the specified adaptive bounds .
Reference: adds all the values in the given vector to the end of this vector , expanding its capacity as necessary .
Candidate: copies the vector at the end of the vector vector .
Reference: special purpose function to see if we can optimize the pattern for a descendantiterator .
Candidate: this method can be used for a descendantiterator .
Reference: write the full contents of instr to the destination stream outstr .
Candidate: string the string to the .
Reference: add a matching rule in the canonical mime t form such as " image / * " or a mime t literal such as " text / html " .
Candidate: add a mime rule to the canonical mime t form such as " / " * or html
Reference: validates a number , for use cases where you may need the number to be within a range
Candidate: method to be a within
Reference: note that if there is sleep in this method .
Candidate: called when the log executor is in what .
Reference: construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
Candidate: construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
Reference: make arraylist from " , " separated string
Candidate: convert a string to an empty string .
Reference: returns the name of the charset that should be used in textual transmissions .
Candidate: returns the charset of the platform mode for the java platform .
Reference: convert a positive bigdecimal to an engineering string representation
Candidate: convert a negative bigdecimal to an engineering string representation
Reference: removes all mappings from this hash map , leaving it empty .
Candidate: removes all mappings from this map , leaving it empty .
Reference: adds a new layer to the map .
Candidate: adds a layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer
Reference: read the specified file of rules .
Candidate: used on the given namespace on the config file and testing .
Reference: applies updates to the word set being managed by this resource .
Candidate: applies the to updates the resource to the set of being managed by the managed resource .
Reference: draws a text label .
Candidate: draws a text label .
Reference: writes characters to the buffer .
Candidate: writes the characters to the given buffer .
Reference: detect episode from filename .
Candidate: converts a file to a file .
Reference: creates a simple array creation operation for the given type .
Candidate: creates an array that creates an array to an array of an array .
Reference: send an event to all registered listeners .
Candidate: note that this machine should be a upon a response machine . note that there are not machine .
Reference: the type of preference to retrieve
Candidate: obtain an init conversion .
Reference: expunges stale entries from the table .
Candidate: expunges stale entries from the table .
Reference: utility method for subclasses to determine if an entire string is digits
Candidate: checks if the given string represents a marked string .
Reference: tells whether a given type is a char
Candidate: tells whether the argument is a specified name .
Reference: construct a key from its encoding . used by rsakeyfactory .
Candidate: attempts to restore the base its element . the key is converted to the the key . .
Reference: convert a calendar to a java . util . date
Candidate: convert a calendar to a java . util .
Reference: returns a boolean flag to determine if this message will be sent to a server that requires client authentication .
Candidate: indicates whether the forms is able to be able to get the tiles in the .
Reference: create and return the image file panel .
Candidate: adds a panel panel panel .
Reference: writes the given line with the given writer , followed by a new line .
Candidate: write a single line with the specified line .
Reference: returns the layer at the specified index . layers are ordered in terms of their depth and will be returned in this order , with 0 being the layer on
Candidate: gets the child at the dom node . the jdk direction .
Reference: if there is a security manager , makes sure caller has permission to modify threads .
Candidate: if there is a security manager , makes sure caller has permission to modify threads .
Reference: the identity function for value conversion - returns the value untouched .
Candidate: converts the given value to the primitive value .
Reference: trims white spaces and remove quotes from the string .
Candidate: asserts that the given string contains a trimmed char trimmed and returns the trimmed trimmed of the trimmed char trimmed . trimmed non - null whitespaces .
Reference: returns whether a namespace is defined
Candidate: returns whether a namespace is defined
Reference: a shallow clone requires cloning the attributes but not the child nodes .
Candidate: a shallow clone requires cloning the attributes of the child nodes .
Reference: creates a new dbasicconstraints dialog .
Candidate: creates a new dnetscaperevocationurl dialog .
Reference: static version of lastindexof .
Candidate: static version of lastindexof .
Reference: create a new floatcolumn .
Candidate: changes a copy of changes changes changes .
Reference: read prj records ( in fact does nothing )
Candidate: read sin records ( read fact ) does nothing )
Reference: purges one entry whose wrapped key has been garbage collected .
Candidate: purges one entry whose wrapped key has been garbage collected .
Reference: checks whether the user has permission ' convertermanager . alterperiodconverters ' .
Candidate: checks whether the user has permission ' convertermanager . alterinstantconverters ' .
Reference: determine whether this coordinates object equals the target object .
Candidate: determine if coordinates coordinates coordinates determine if it coordinates determine if it coordinates determine if it coordinates determine if it coordinates determine if coordinates coordinates coordinates . coordinates coordinates coordinates
Reference: adds a new value to the series .
Candidate: adds a new value to the series .
Reference: check if size ( a ) = = size ( b )
Candidate: asserts that the size is the same size .
Reference: import revision data from change object .
Candidate: constructs a time based on the given time zone .
Reference: selects output line file by written doc . default : original output line file .
Candidate: build the counter runtime .
Reference: dispatches to lucene ' s simplequeryparser ' s newfuzzyquery , optionally lowercasing the term first
Candidate: update a specific state .
Reference: creates a call from stmt s to sootmethod m
Candidate: responds to an new light
Reference: play current recorded file , if failed notify error message to caller , if success update fm recorder state
Candidate: exports recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording
Reference: sigmoid / logistic function
Candidate: calculate the roots that extends the of the given .
Reference: deletes all files in a folder
Candidate: deletes all the files directory in the local directory .
Reference: validates that the string is not empty
Candidate: validates that the given string is not emtpy throws an illegalargumentexception . if not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not
Reference: resets the current context
Candidate: set the super settings for all other objects in the system context .
Reference: converts an array / collection of values ( the object ) to a parameter values array . resources should not be converted . use via converttoparametervalue ( to deal with
Candidate: transforms an collection onto collection onto collection onto the collection of element collection . < p > does not delimited similar in the native collection is passed into native native
Reference: basic internal api call to authsvc to logout a user .
Candidate: checks whether the username identified by the username proxy username .
Reference: compares the ip addresses of the instance on aws and maps those to the network interfaces in the system . 1 ) if an existing mapping is found for a
Candidate: validates that the service does not supported .
Reference: creates a new code source .
Candidate: store a certificate entry by one key store indicated by key store indicated by key store indicated by key store store .
Reference: decodes base64 data into octects
Candidate: decodes base64 data into octects
Reference: create a new broadcaster
Candidate: iterate through this one of one packet .
Reference: closes this database stream and releases any associated system resources .
Candidate: close the underlying stream .
Reference: return a new instance of vector rotated from the given number of degrees .
Candidate: compute a degree of the degree degree of a degree degree of the degree degree of the degree degree of the degree degree of the compilation degree degree degree degree
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table department
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table user_roles
Reference: gets the contents at the given uri .
Candidate: gets the contents at the given uri .
Reference: adds a mapping from the specified fieldnumber to the specified data , replacing the previous mapping if there was one .
Candidate: adds a mapping from the specified fieldnumber to the one , replacing the previous mapping if there was one .
Reference: hide the special border of the title bar .
Candidate: sets the property sheet panel .
Reference: this method removes the business transaction .
Candidate: this method initialises the business transaction manager .
Reference: adds a point to the sample .
Candidate: adds the specified days to the specified month .
Reference: adds the given tag id to this request .
Candidate: returns the current tag to the the current tag to the the current tag to the the current tag to the default tag is used to the default tag to
Reference: attempt a secure connection with basic functionality to maximize compatibility . currently this uses ssl 3 . 0 .
Candidate: switch the given certificate to the given port .
Reference: attempt to match the host runtime to a capable platform implementation .
Candidate: attempt to match to the to the to the to the to the to the remote host to the platform .
Reference: takes in a collection of executions belonging to the same process instance . orders the executions in a list , first elements are the leaf , last element is the
Candidate: create a list of locations that they are not stored in the same order that they are not agree .
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: populates the ib , ie , ih and in arrays , and iinitial value
Candidate: calculates the time product uses the time and uses its use in and uses its time and uses all time and uses the evaluate uses the uses the uses the
Reference: serialize a node ( and it ' s children ) to a parsable string .
Candidate: joins all characters that joins to todo for joins that joins that joins that joins that joins that joins that joins that joins that joins that joins that joins the
Reference: initialize the internal frame menu button settings .
Candidate: initialize the settings pane settings .
Reference: return a workflow . method for restorevolume
Candidate: create a workflow method for resync
Reference: remove a datasource listener
Candidate: remove a data souce listener
Reference: returns a substring of the given string , representing the ' length ' most - right characters
Candidate: truncates charseq length of charseq charseq .
Reference: this function clears the block values for blocks in this section .
Candidate: clears the set of values .
Reference: loads an object from its stored data , with an unknown class . the class of the object must be stored within the data .
Candidate: reads a value from a xml string .
Reference: stops clock timer if all nodes into jvm were stopped .
Candidate: blocking tests if the thread is blocking blocking . blocking . blocking . blocking . blocking . blocking . blocking . blocking . blocking . blocking . blocking . blocking
Reference: resolve the foldername and push the resulting folder as the last template folder .
Candidate: < p / > note that we can let an google , we can let the declared code that can ensure that we at that we can ensure that we
Reference: print , to system . out , the basic blocks in depth first order .
Candidate: performs print roots ' s provider .
Reference: draws a cubic line .
Candidate: draws a cubic .
Reference: adds a new event to the queue . adding a new event to the queue preserves the temporal order of the events .
Candidate: add a event event to a list of listeners .
Reference: creates a generator for a set of beans .
Candidate: creates a new instance based on the specified collection .
Reference: displays the initialized board on the state view .
Candidate: initializes the copy of the , previewing if the copy of the control flow is , copy to see if a copy of b .
Reference: hbase table connection callback function
Candidate: hbase method to scan handling hbase hbase hbase hbase hbase hbase hbase hbase hbase hbase hbase hbase hbase hbase hbase hbase hbase hbase hbase hbase hbase hbase hbase hbase hbase
Reference: add primitive type abbreviation to maps of abbreviations .
Candidate: add a primitive abbreviation to a primitive abbreviations type .
Reference: initialize the tree map , which associates angles with images / animations .
Candidate: use for the http : - id .
Reference: find and return the replicator home directory .
Candidate: performs client - -
Reference: creates a transferable capable of transferring the specified string .
Candidate: does the given with the given .
Reference: this routine simply tests for robustness of the tostring function .
Candidate: initializes the holding number of the .
Reference: appends the string representation of the float argument to this string buffer . the argument is converted to a string as if by the method string . valueof , and
Candidate: appends the string representation of this argument to the string buffer . the argument is converted to the string as the string of the string .
Reference: opens a file with the default system action .
Candidate: show a file system file system file system . if system platform system .
Reference: used to determine if a car can be set out at a destination ( location ) . track is optional . in addition to all of the tests that testlocation
Candidate: this method will be used if the given attachment .
Reference: close the stream , flushing it first . once a stream has been closed , further write ( ) or flush ( ) invocations will cause an ioexception to be
Candidate: close the stream stream flushing the stream stream . if the stream has been closed ( or further write ( ) invocations will flush a stream ,
Reference: process a path into an array of folders
Candidate: convert a path to a path path .
Reference: returns a random to be used by the current thread if available , otherwise returns null .
Candidate: creates a new keysetvalidator .
Reference: record the fact that something was deployed , resulting in the given deployment id . useful for cleaning up resources in an implementation - specific way in subclasses .
Candidate: adds a new record to the given string .
Reference: this method is called before ignite initialises . < p > the default implementation is empty . override it to introduce custom logic .
Candidate: default method does not serializable primarily .
Reference: invoked if the computation completes successfully
Candidate: invoked if the computation completes successfully
Reference: shuts down a cleanup thread com . mysql . jdbc . abandonedconnectioncleanupthread that mysql driver fails to destroy if this is not done , the thread keeps a reference to
Candidate: this method is called by the vm ) . the installed testing .
Reference: expands the current speech data by appending a new buffer of audio data
Candidate: expands the data array into the array .
Reference: parse the control template and merge it with the control context . this is the starting point in texen .
Candidate: parses a string and return the string and return the result and return the result and return the result and return the result and return the result and return the
Reference: util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
Candidate: util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
Reference: before this inflater tries to create an item from the tag , this method will be called . the parser will be pointing to the start of a tag ,
Candidate: determines whether an attribute element represents an element element .
Reference: writes the jpeg data to a file . if there ' s exif info , the exif header will be added .
Candidate: writes an image to the file .
Reference: check if there are image servers in the system
Candidate: this method deals with this phone want to play this corresponding to determine if it is being converted to the corresponding to have to be converted to the corresponding to
Reference: returns current nanosecond time .
Candidate: returns the nanosecond time .
Reference: this method removes an extension to the recognizer .
Candidate: adds a warning extension name .
Reference: retrieve list of namespace declaration locations active at this node . list is an suballocatedintvector whose entries are the namespace node handles declared at that id . % review %
Candidate: retrieve an namespace declaration list locations that all declared at that list of entries that are declared by node . that that that that that that that suballocatedintvector of
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: adds the specified observer to the list of observers . if it is already registered , it is not added a second time .
Candidate: adds the specified observer to the list of observers .
Reference: close a bytearrayoutputstream passed in .
Candidate: close a bytearrayoutputstream passed in .
Reference: computes the distance between one data point and a specified mean
Candidate: calculates the distance between the given of the .
Reference: formats the parsed string by inserting table ' s values .
Candidate: for the given string using the java for for the java . for debugging .
Reference: adds a key - value mapping .
Candidate: adds a key value mapping .
Reference: release an instance injected as a field of an object
Candidate: checks whether the given fields as an object representing a single type .
Reference: converts list of alert entity objects to list of alertdto objects .
Candidate: converts list of alert entity objects to list of alertdto objects .
Reference: null - checks user executor argument , and translates uses of commonpool to asyncpool in case parallelism disabled .
Candidate: returns a given available on the given places in the given on the given thread .
Reference: adds a group properties listener .
Candidate: adds the tabfragment bounding availability to the viewpageradapter .
Reference: edits a global function comment .
Candidate: this function edits a global function edits function .
Reference: update static data from xml file
Candidate: load the objects from the specified object .
Reference: clear any existing session .
Candidate: clear any existing session .
Reference: checks if the entry exists in the directory .
Candidate: method to the service attribute .
Reference: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Candidate: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Reference: initialize jni field and method ids .
Candidate: initialize jni field and method ids
Reference: class name to wrapper hash , derived from wrapper . hashwrap ( )
Candidate: find blank index 0 in case 0 wordtoken is less than 0 ; 0 is 0 than 0 - 1 ; 0 is 0 than 0 - 1 0 0
Reference: process notification of the start of an xml element being reached .
Candidate: process notification of the start of an xml element being reached .
Reference: check type of section element defined by key . return true this element is string
Candidate: check if element string element is defined by element .
Reference: this function creates a partition region with total_buckets_num_property set to 11 .
Candidate: this function createas multiple partition regions on nodes in the vmlist
Reference: constructs a zdiagmat and initializes it to the diagonal of a zmat .
Candidate: computes the householder of column of a zmat .
Reference: report product version information from ant .
Candidate: report product version information from ant .
Reference: create the cascading network .
Candidate: applies various * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Reference: check for equality of the two characters sequences starting at the specified index
Candidate: tests if the two characters sequences starting with the specified index .
Reference: divide zero by a negative number .
Candidate: divide a negative number by a different number of zero .
Reference: access to productions with this non terminal on the lhs .
Candidate: returns a rule from this rule rule rule .
Reference: add the given node to the set of " tight " nodes .
Candidate: add node to add node nodes to the given node . this node to add the node to tight .
Reference: end of i n s e t s c o d e
Candidate: returns true if the virtualpool has valid valid numeric values , false otherwise returns false .
Reference: creates new djarinfo dialog where the parent is a frame .
Candidate: creates new new dupgradecryptostrength route dialog .
Reference: transform an array of points with all matrixes except the touch matrix - - > use this if the transformed values are not effected by touch gestures
Candidate: transform a list of floats , x1 , x1 , x1 , x1 , matrices very important : each touch offset
Reference: this method converts escaped function to a server function call . actually we do not change anything here , we hope that all udf are defined .
Candidate: this method is used by the outer join change .
Reference: return a string representation of this object .
Candidate: return a string representation of this object .
Reference: add a listener for receiving events
Candidate: add a listener to the eventdispatcher .
Reference: check that a number of bookies are available
Candidate: do that is the the number of that is not for the initial .
Reference: returns a path representing the history part for the specified time stamp .
Candidate: returns the number of the string ' s gap in the string representation of the ' s range ' s recognized . g ' s ' , ' s '
Reference: adds a ping time sample to the averaging window .
Candidate: initialize the current state of the current thread .
Reference: output a regular message from a user .
Candidate: the the size of the layout .
Reference: creates the new server socket .
Candidate: returns true if the address port address is a valid python address .
Reference: returns true if str is an access modifier , false otherwise .
Candidate: tests if the string is equal to regular pair .
Reference: handles an append failure .
Candidate: handles an boolean failure to the request failure .
Reference: selects the most suitable preview and picture size , given the desired width and height . < p / > even though we may only need the preview size ,
Candidate: selects the most suitable preview and picture desired width and height size . < p / > even though we need to the preview size .
Reference: reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns a list of new imageto objects .
Candidate: reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns a list of new imageto objects .
Reference: converts the provided byte array to a string using the utf - 8 encoding . if the input is malformed , replace by a default value .
Candidate: decode decodes the provided string in the utf - 8 - 8 - 8 - 8 - 8 - 8 . < p > if the headers utf - 8
Reference: returns a copy of the set of attributes for this node with lowercase names
Candidate: returns the map from the map map .
Reference: makes the given visitor visit the annotations of this instruction .
Candidate: makes the given visitor visit the annotations of this instruction .
Reference: create a list from passed objx parameters
Candidate: create a list from passed objx parameters
Reference: reads the next part of the related file
Candidate: maps a part of a file multipart algorithm , which means part of each part of a part of a part of a part of a column file , which
Reference: whether using the tab key indents the selected lines of code
Candidate: indicates whether the forms is able to be able to get the tiles in the .
Reference: compute the parameters of the distribution
Candidate: asserts that the given precision & change ( ) .
Reference: translate data type from source to target database
Candidate: convenient method for taking a subset of the with the given length of the given string .
Reference: creates a list of shaperecord to draw a rectangle from the given origin ( startx , starty ) for the specified width and height ( in pixels ) and radiusx
Candidate: compute the the on the given rectangle .
Reference: find the minimum of all elements in the array , ignoring elements that are nan .
Candidate: find all minimum of all elements in the minimum . ignoring all elements in nan .
Reference: closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache
Candidate: closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache
Reference: moves the selected item down in the model ( and table ) . this can behave kind of odd when the table is filtered or sorted automatically , so it
Candidate: this method is used to show the the for the in the internal landscape model .
Reference: creates a new jar .
Candidate: updates shadow shadow shadow shadow shadow shadow shadow shadow shadow shadow shadow shadow shadow shadow shadow shadow shadow relative shadow shadow shadow shadow shadow shadow shadow shadow shadow shadow shadow
Reference: shut down the scanner , interrupting running tasks and cancelling waiting ones .
Candidate: do not need to do nothing in the executor in the own executor should do not need do nothing . not need do nothing . not need do nothing .
Reference: covert list of files to relative paths
Candidate: expand directories directories directories directories directories directories directories directories directories directories directories directories directories directories directories directories directories directories directories directories directories directories directories directories directories directories directories directories directories
Reference: based on the current state of the keystore and key guard , try to make progress on unlocking or installing to the keystore .
Candidate: gets the state state state .
Reference: called from ontouchevent to end a drag operation .
Candidate: called from ontouchevent to a drag operation .
Reference: if the recurrence rule is such that the event start date doesn ' t actually fall in one of the recurrences , then push the start date up to the
Candidate: adds a week day a day of month day .
Reference: rounds the x , y , and z values of this vector3 up to the nearest integer value .
Candidate: rounds the x and y values of this vector3 up to the nearest integer value .
Reference: implements the abstract method simulatemethod . it distributes the request to the corresponding methods by signatures .
Candidate: implements the abstract method simulatemethod . it distributes the request to the corresponding methods by signatures .
Reference: helper method which removes nodes of already explored states from the head of the frontier .
Candidate: removes all remaining nodes from the explored list .
Reference: adds wheel changing listener
Candidate: adds wheel changing listener
Reference: parse the attributes passed to the view from the xml
Candidate: parse the view view from the view passed to the view view .
Reference: concatenates two byte arrays .
Candidate: concatenate the contents of arrays into a byte array .
Reference: assert either complete successfully or error signal has been received .
Candidate: assert either complete successfully or error signal has been received .
Reference: asserts the argument is valid , as determined by the caller passing the result of an evaluated expression to this assertion .
Candidate: asserts that the message is an executing message .
Reference: allows to know if a given calendar instance is set before today
Candidate: returns common common common attributes .
Reference: build a standard login ui with username and password fields
Candidate: creates the password and loads the background .
Reference: unmap the volume from scsi initiator
Candidate: starts the scsi snapshots in the specified rp snapshots .
Reference: returns the underlying collection .
Candidate: returns a collection for the purposes .
Reference: add a quarter circular path to a given path object , starting from ( x1 , y1 ) to ( x2 , y2 ) .
Candidate: set the path between the and the the , and the .
Reference: parse content in block into inline children , using reference map to resolve references .
Candidate: parse the nodes from the end of xml document .
Reference: fill given array with random bytes at the specified position .
Candidate: concatenates a subarray of the given array .
Reference: removes all scanning callbacks .
Candidate: clears the list of all pages .
Reference: reads from the underlying input stream if not null .
Candidate: if the is is not writable , but not null .
Reference: assumption is always cache and membermbean has been will be created first
Candidate: handles an email event . this drawable will be automatically if a mouse event .
Reference: check whether fast transition is valid .
Candidate: helper method that used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used used
Reference: returns true if the given file is visible
Candidate: determines if the file file exists .
Reference: append strings to an array creating a new array for the result .
Candidate: generate a memory size .
Reference: removes and destroys the object .
Candidate: removes the object from this object .
Reference: construct a new string by converting the specified subarray of bytes using the specified character encoding . the length of the new string is a function of the encoding ,
Candidate: encode the specified string into a string of the datagram .
Reference: initialize the scratch itemset .
Candidate: check check check check check check check check check check check check check check check check check check check check check check check check check check check check check if
Reference: returns the bounds of the editor .
Candidate: create the given rectangle from the given rectangle .
Reference: reads the next chunk from the stream .
Candidate: reads an integer buffer from the given buffer .
Reference: construct a cuboid in the given world and xyz co - ordinates
Candidate: construct a cuboid with the given world .
Reference: calculates the log marginal likelihood of a model using newton and raftery ' s smoothed estimator
Candidate: constructs a new using the using the the the the the the the the results the
Reference: returns true if the message starts with & quot ; new ( & quot ; or if it equals & quot ; new & quot ;
Candidate: checks whether the message is running .
Reference: installs any system properties .
Candidate: creates a new item item within the old window .
Reference: writes doubles from the given double array , starting from the specified offset , to the current position and increases the position by the number of doubles written .
Candidate: writes doubles from the given double array , starting from the specified offset , to the current position and increases the position by the number of doubles written .
Reference: for a given address type , extract the recipients from the headers .
Candidate: write one message to
Reference: checks whether the extension of the filename is that specified . < p > this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the last dot
Candidate: checks whether the extension of the filename is that specified . < p > this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the last dot
Reference: scan the disk looking for the location of where the source resides . may also peel open a swd file looking for the source file .
Candidate: creates a portion name with the given name .
Reference: used to automatically update the timestamp of locks .
Candidate: updates the fine for the fine in the fine - the current of the panels .
Reference: appends a new padstack with the input shapes to this padstacks . p_shapes is an array of dimension board layer_count . p_attach_allowed indicates if vias of the own net are
Candidate: adds a new rule estimate to the same as a specific name .
Reference: calculate the bounds for a view ' s title
Candidate: calculate the bounds for a view ' s title
Reference: for the commandmanager init .
Candidate: init for the commandmanager init .
Reference: the start of a content model . depending on the type of the content model , specific methods may be called between the call to the startcontentmodel method and the
Candidate: ordering of ordering .
Reference: create an omrangerings with a lat / lon center and a physical distance radius . rendertype is rendertype_latlon .
Candidate: constructs a normal handle based on the input screen .
Reference: create an inputsource form a string .
Candidate: constructs a string from a string .
Reference: writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding for the vm .
Candidate: writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding for the vm .
Reference: returns the root node of the user preference hierarchy .
Candidate: returns the root preference node in the user preference hierarchy .
Reference: generates a vaguely human - readable format for a given socket identifier .
Candidate: wait method grab results from the specified amount of seconds .
Reference: called by the providers when the details of an album have been updated .
Candidate: read the components of the problem .
Reference: tell if the table contains the given string .
Candidate: pushes an item onto the top of this stack .
Reference: read contents of a file .
Candidate: read a json file from a file .
Reference: converts a pixel ' s x coordinate into a horizontal tile index relative to a given tile grid layout specified by its x offset and tile width .
Candidate: creates a new tutorial object .
Reference: check if we ' ve crossed a reasonable touch slop for the given child view . if the child cannot be dragged along the horizontal or vertical axis , motion
Candidate: check if we ' ve crossed a reasonable touch slop for the given child view . if the child cannot be dragged along the horizontal or vertical axis , motion
Reference: creates a new input that can be added to a block .
Candidate: encode the parameters according to the parameters .
Reference: create a new instance of the class manager . class manager instnaces are now associated with the interpreter .
Candidate: generates static instance of its corresponding subtype of its corresponding subtype of its directed bourne type . can be used for its subtype of a static instance .
Reference: display the current render surface .
Candidate: display the current render surface .
Reference: returns the last login time .
Candidate: clears the password reset state .
Reference: creates and returns a stream of the words in the given text . words are a group of characters separated by one or more white spaces .
Candidate: replaces the given word with the given string codes .
Reference: add the supplied applicationinfo objects to the list , and enqueue it into the list to broadcast when notify ( ) is called . if the app is already in
Candidate: add the supplied applicationinfo objects to the list , if enqueue it into the list broadcast .
Reference: filter the matching objects for the one ( s ) whoose named field is equal to value . if the field is a collection , matches when any value in
Candidate: construct an optional & lt ; optional optional optional optional optional optional optional optional optional optional optional optional optional optional optional optional optional optional optional optional optional optional optional optional
Reference: removes some markup that appears on the plot for youtube videos
Candidate: return the string as a " bar .
Reference: creates the dash array string .
Candidate: convert a string to the string .
Reference: cas head field . used only by enq .
Candidate: cas head field . used by only enq .
Reference: finds the position of the given pattern in this blob .
Candidate: parses the column from the data .
Reference: loads the most recent generation file .
Candidate: load the file from the file . the method can load the files from the file .
Reference: read a line from the given stream .
Candidate: reads the next crlf file for reading the next crlf format .
Reference: replaces unprintable characters by their espaced ( or unicode escaped ) equivalents in the given string
Candidate: replaces unprintable characters by their escaped ( or unicode escaped ) equivalents in the given string
Reference: check if the table exists by issuing a select .
Candidate: retrieve the key of the provided key .
Reference: we found a " : " and is now trying to read either scheme , username / password
Candidate: ensure that characters , except , except that characters , except that characters , except that characters , except , except that doesn ' t have a character , if
Reference: does the provided sql script contain the specified delimiter ?
Candidate: parses a string with a string .
Reference: writes the bytes on the output stream .
Candidate: writes an array to the output stream . closes the outputstream .
Reference: establish an invariant that the specified service is a not joined with the met quorum .
Candidate: establish an invariant that the quorum is fully met .
Reference: if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the
Candidate: if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the
Reference: do the appropriate processing for cfb mode encryption .
Candidate: do the appropriate processing for cfb mode encryption .
Reference: prints a string without adding a / n at the end .
Candidate: replace the content with the given text .
Reference: adds each of the provided connection groups to the current tree as children of their respective parents . the parent connection groups must already be added .
Candidate: add the nodes of the immediate children of the parent nodes . this function does not work of work of ordering .
Reference: loads a map input into this cartesian plot .
Candidate: does the support for each of the the .
Reference: add another line decoration into the composite line decoration . the new decoration will be appended to the existing decorations and is also the last drawn .
Candidate: adds a decoration at the end of the list .
Reference: attempt to parse link title ( sans quotes ) , returning the string or null if no match .
Candidate: parse link link link link link link link link link .
Reference: record block volume related event and audit
Candidate: process event event and event
Reference: add a single value with weight 1 . 0
Candidate: updates the current weight with the current recurrence .
Reference: closes the command processor , canceling the current work if not finish
Candidate: closes this stream and this stream .
Reference: returns the number of recent items currently stored .
Candidate: returns the number of items in the queue .
Reference: create a warning diagnostic .
Candidate: create a warning diagnostic argument .
Reference: generate the code for the specified pattern . if null is passed instead of a generator , no code is output but the patterns are still visited and their declarations
Candidate: create a stored - stored - stored stored - stored - stored - stored - stored - stored - stored - stored - stored - stored - stored - stored
Reference: called on request from the ui to delete an event handler .
Candidate: copies the new page ! it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it
Reference: remove a graph listener
Candidate: remove an threshold classifier listener
Reference: returns true if this connection is ready to host new streams .
Candidate: returns true if this connection is ready to host new streams .
Reference: adds the given column to this table at the given position in the column list
Candidate: adds the given column to this table at the given column
Reference: clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above
Candidate: clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above
Reference: initializes all components used in dialog .
Candidate: initializes all components in the panel .
Reference: constructs a new batchedimagerequest object
Candidate: constructs a new batchedimagerequest object
Reference: computes the norm of a vector .
Candidate: returns a version of a that is approximately a range a range of a range .
Reference: gets a string representation of the value .
Candidate: gets a string representation of the value .
Reference: probably should recheck this later .
Candidate: compute the ip value to the same ip ip ip ip ip ip ip ip ip ip ip ip ip ip ip ip ip ip ip ip ip ip ip
Reference: deserializes examplars stored in archives in getarchivedirectory ( ) .
Candidate: read the zip file file file .
Reference: convert the maximal edge rings found by the initial graph traversal into the minimal edge rings required by jts polygon topology rules .
Candidate: computes all edges in self - edges and all edges all edges all edges all edges all edges all edges all edges all edges all edges all edges all edges
Reference: generate the mac ( message authentication code ) from a security - encrypted message todo : public for testing - look to remove
Candidate: decrypt the key of two mac stored in the array array .
Reference: removes a listener on image sharing events
Candidate: removes a listener on a file transfer events
Reference: updates the overall and the chunk2 sizes
Candidate: initializer all mode mode .
Reference: write the new journal to the output file . in the event of any error , just pretend we didn ' t have a journal , in that case ,
Candidate: write a new journal to the output file .
Reference: returns true if the charsegment matches the string .
Candidate: returns true if the charsegment matches the string
Reference: mousereleased , this will be called when the spinner button is released .
Candidate: called whenever the process applet is able to handle actions .
Reference: gets the max value for a given class in a transposed chart when using percentages
Candidate: updates the rating / value based on the of the & / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /
Reference: adds the channel to the model and broadcasts a channel add event
Candidate: add a new line channel .
Reference: joins an array of objects into one string without separators .
Candidate: joins objects together into one array with one separator objects .
Reference: returns true if the store can handle the provided trait and false if it cannot .
Candidate: tests whether the python installed sync installed sync policy .
Reference: create supply based in out bound line
Candidate: remove a random action .
Reference: returns the number of parameters in this parameter file .
Candidate: returns the number of parameters in this parameter .
Reference: returns the largest ( " top " ) n values in the column
Candidate: returns the smallest n " values in the column in the "
Reference: load the values for this step from an xml node
Candidate: load values from the step values for this step values
Reference: adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value , replacing the previous mapping from the specified key if there was one .
Candidate: adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value , replacing the previous mapping from the specified key if there was one .
Reference: readdata - - read the reference word .
Candidate: readdata - read the modbus message from din .
Reference: return the dot product to a dense feature vector
Candidate: returns the natural of this vector .
Reference: creates the new instructions , inlining each instantiation of each subroutine until the code is fully elaborated .
Candidate: creates the new instructions , inlining each instantiation of each subroutine until the code is fully elaborated .
Reference: gets the standard deviation from a list of numbers .
Candidate: returns the standard cosine of the given numbers of the variance .
Reference: trims the capacity of this instance to be the list ' s current size . an application can use this operation to minimize the storage of some instance .
Candidate: note we need to ensure that we must be called when we have the same as the same of be run due to ensure we
Reference: setbit ( int n ) outside zero
Candidate: setbit ( int n ) outside zero
Reference: compares a date with a boolean
Candidate: compares a date in the specified date .
Reference: read ahead and decode the next chunk of solutions .
Candidate: reads session next session buffer .
Reference: create a new udp client socket with the specified logger .
Candidate: creates a new connection .
Reference: will multiply all values by a given double . can be used to divide all numbers , if given a fractional double ( ie : to divide by 2 ,
Candidate: this the current value of the .
Reference: is logging level logged
Candidate: checks to see if the given level level is enabled .
Reference: starting at this folder , create package fragments and add the fragments that are not exclused to the collection of children .
Candidate: after the fragment after after after after after after after after after after after after after after after after after after after after after after after after after after after
Reference: quotes the absolute path of the given file iff it contains whitespace .
Candidate: escapes a given file to a quote file . if it is not present , or leaves an escape it alone .
Reference: read data from net buffer .
Candidate: processes processes processes processes processes totals .
Reference: called when this index is closed .
Candidate: removes all objects from the manager .
Reference: remove an imageconsumer from the list of consumers interested in data for this image .
Candidate: removes an imageconsumer from the list of consumers interested single list .
Reference: should a navigation bar appear at the bottom of the screen in the current device configuration ? a navigation bar may appear on the right side of the screen in
Candidate: should a navigation bar appear at the bottom of the screen in the current device configuration ? a navigation bar may appear on the right side of the screen in
Reference: update the aperture value and ensure its value stays in the right range .
Candidate: handles access public logger access to the logger based on a new instance .
Reference: builds the invocation , saving its value keyed by the protocol key .
Candidate: extracts through the normal search , static splits the live ones .
Reference: this method compute the mark of the audit . here is the algorithm formula : ( ( 1 - rationmi ) * passed / ( passed + failed ) +
Candidate: this method mark the passed audit method to the the formula of + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1
Reference: gcd : the first number is zero
Candidate: gcd : the first number is zero .
Reference: test that if king capture is possible , only a king capture move is returned in the move list .
Candidate: test of getkingsq method of of the class class .
Reference: performs error detection and returns a corrected copy of the 24 - bit message that starts at the start index .
Candidate: two sure sure sure if sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure if sure sure sure sure sure
Reference: validate the view parameter expressions and evaluate the expressions returning the result object .
Candidate: does the passed defined in the specified value .
Reference: parses relative directory from externals definition ( in format starting from svn 1 . 5 ) . restrictions for relative directory : - is at the end of externals definition
Candidate: trims the leading space at the given half ( i . e .
Reference: picks an encoding for an external entity . defaults to utf - 8 .
Candidate: picks an encoding for an external entity . defaults to utf - 8 .
Reference: generates a url for a particular item within a series .
Candidate: build the given values for the given url .
Reference: returns true if the thread should expire instead of going to the idle state .
Candidate: returns true if the thread should expire instead of going to the idle state .
Reference: sets the values to ui model .
Candidate: updates the state to the the state .
Reference: char * infile ; input file long * a ; address of output tiledimageoperation [ nx ] [ ny ] int * nx , * ny ; size of output
Candidate: construct an instance of an asn .
Reference: create a script from a new database .
Candidate: tests fix for bug # from a database .
Reference: returns a random real number from the cauchy distribution .
Candidate: returns a random number with the cauchy distribution .
Reference: add the given group to the list of job groups that will never be deleted by this processor , even if a pre - processing - command to delete the
Candidate: add a group to the list of groups .
Reference: print the entire layout .
Candidate: the the current layout .
Reference: wake a connection from a select / poll keepalive .
Candidate: this method is called by the thread infrastructure to the clock .
Reference: adds a field to run the multi match against .
Candidate: adds a field to to a string .
Reference: writes the basis to an output stream
Candidate: add a main to to the output stream .
Reference: signal that currenlty there are no more pending acks .
Candidate: this method allows to threadpoolexecutor threadpoolexecutor to interested parties to execute all interested parties of the conditions to conclusion .
Reference: converts an array into a string
Candidate: convert a list of bytes within the given string .
Reference: copy the contents of the source array to the target array . if the size if the target array is too small , a larger array is created .
Candidate: copy a copy of the given byte array . src .
Reference: computes the angular distance of the great circle path between this location and a specified location . in radians , this angle is the arc length of the segment between
Candidate: this a the of the given of the given location . this method is used to find the travel of the .
Reference: an example manifest file looks like { " name " : " dynamodb - export " , " version " : 3 , " entries " : [ { "
Candidate: compares the files in one list of rows in the provided directory .
Reference: read bytes until the count is satisfied .
Candidate: read bytes until the array is satisfied .
Reference: fire when an operator has been moved .
Candidate: add a list of the result list of the list .
Reference: removes a single individual .
Candidate: removes a single individual .
Reference: replaces occurrences of the old variable identifier oldid with the new identifier newid .
Candidate: the the variable label
Reference: repeats the specified substring a number of times .
Candidate: repeats the substring count of times .
Reference: wait for a maximum amount of time for a state change event to occur
Candidate: wait for a maximum amount of occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur
Reference: pick the leaf that minimize cost
Candidate: pick the leaf that minimize cost
Reference: constructs a new adduserfields
Candidate: create users users users users users from filter users users users users filter users users users users users users users users users users users users users users users users users
Reference: we accept 0x and # prefixes .
Candidate: parse the string of the the given string .
Reference: get bounds of wf node icon
Candidate: get icon of wf node
Reference: signals the given workers to end . note that this method does not validate that the signal is being acted upon .
Candidate: adds all the worker workers , but does not start of the .
Reference: return a copy of the current frame . returns null if none are present .
Candidate: maps a map to the map of this map .
Reference: compute a combined hash code from the supplied objects using the supplied seed .
Candidate: method to computes the given size is used if additional element is not additional by the given size is not additional hash is not additional by additional image .
Reference: calculate state transition percentage .
Candidate: this a list of the given of the given .
Reference: creates a unique mangled method name based on the method name and the method parameters .
Candidate: this method can be used for the purposes .
Reference: saves the existing attribute states
Candidate: rotates the coordinate origin left coordinates origin . origin origin origin origin origin origin origin origin origin origin origin origin origin origin origin origin origin origin origin origin origin origin
Reference: pulls a string off the queue , up to but exclusive of the match sequence , or to the queue running out .
Candidate: pulls the exclusive string from the queue queue . the queue pulls the exclusive pulls the next character sequence , pulls the queue in the queue queue .
Reference: prints out the given list of defined ip addresses . the example is : < p > | - ipv4 : 192 . 168 . 1 . 6 < br
Candidate: start the list of ip string .
Reference: dispose the encoder , decoder , and the callback for the decoded messages .
Candidate: should be passed should be called should be should be should be should be called should be called should be should be called should be should be called should be
Reference: calculates the number of transposition between two strings .
Candidate: calculates the number of transposition between two strings .
Reference: uses the parser format instance .
Candidate: dummy implementation of an abstract implementation .
Reference: stream the tsdata contents . the stream iterates collection in chronological order , without duplicate timestamps .
Candidate: allows this stream into a stream . this can be included into the start of parallel .
Reference: util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
Candidate: util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
Reference: constructs and registers a mod .
Candidate: generates a unique of files in the list of files in the directory . e . g . . < p / > note : the that are
Reference: arranges the blocks without any constraints . this puts all blocks into a single row .
Candidate: arranges the width blocks until the height constraint within a single row .
Reference: check whether the content - type field of the properties section ( if present ) in the given message matches the provided string ( where null matches if there is
Candidate: checks if the given mime type is an error message .
Reference: create a x . 509 v3 certificate .
Candidate: generates a certificate key for the provided key .
Reference: handles next button request .
Candidate: handles save button .
Reference: check that all dependencies are satisfied . usually called with a copy of the modules list , after making some change .
Candidate: returns the email of storage names .
Reference: beancontextmembership interface method . called by beancontext when children are being removed . unhooks itself from the objects that are being removed if they are contained within the frame .
Candidate: beancontextmembershiplistener method . called when the parent object is removed from the beancontext beancontext . this mousedelegator for the mapbean , it doesn ' mouseevents for any objects , and
Reference: find the first parent directory that exists and check if this directory is writeable .
Candidate: shows the module directory .
Reference: returns the textual description of the time value .
Candidate: returns a string to the string .
Reference: writeobject is called to save the state of the url to an objectoutputstream . the handler is not saved since it is specific to this system .
Candidate: writes the serializable state to the stream .
Reference: report the beginning of an entity . the start and end of the document entity are not reported . the start and end of the external dtd subset are reported
Candidate: report an entity of the start and end of the document entity . the external dtd subset reported .
Reference: determines whether the given name is a java keyword
Candidate: returns true if the given name is a legal name .
Reference: override this method to provide a custom way of extracting the imported resource url .
Candidate: return the string of the the given string .
Reference: compares the equality of two collators .
Candidate: determine whether the candidate object is a good to a model .
Reference: runs the test case .
Candidate: runs the test case .
Reference: renames an object type , e . g . " lcom . package . myclass ; " or an array type that has an object element , e . g
Candidate: returns an element of " element , i . e . . " , " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
Reference: write a list of strings to document as elements with given tag name .
Candidate: write a list of files with a given name name name name name .
Reference: creates a new dpolicyconstraints dialog .
Candidate: creates a new dnetscaperevocationurl dialog .
Reference: invalidates all caches for all tenants .
Candidate: api method for builds the plan plan , in the specified plan .
Reference: flatten a byte [ ] into an xmlserializer . the list can later be read back with readthisbytearrayxml ( ) .
Candidate: flatten a byte [ ] into an xmlserializer . the list can later be read back with readthisbytearrayxml ( ) .
Reference: write the strings to the file , one per line .
Candidate: write the contents of strings .
Reference: allows you to cancel all requests currently in queue or running , by set tag , if passed tag is null , will not attempt to cancel any requests ,
Candidate: allows to cancel any tag passed to attempt to cancel any requests , or null , unless it will cancel cancel , cancel cancel cancel cancel cancel cancel cancel cancel
Reference: draw a snap horizontal margin indicator
Candidate: utility utility function to draw a circle at the given coordinates .
Reference: the subset of the original record that contains the values for the given subset schema .
Candidate: create a new record with the given operator .
Reference: queues the operation for execution
Candidate: record the the message .
Reference: interpret string of digits into cells .
Candidate: decodes the given size in the array .
Reference: return the supplied shape , translated to the coordinates that result from calling transform on its center
Candidate: increase the position in terms of the specified position in the iterator .
Reference: prints out a list , starting at the specified indentation , to the specified print writer .
Candidate: prints the contents of the specified indent . calling indent .
Reference: initializes all components used in dialog .
Candidate: initializes all components in the panel .
Reference: obtains the revocation status of a certificate using ocsp using the most common defaults . the ocsp responder uri is retrieved from the certificate ' s aia extension . the
Candidate: checks if ocsp revocation is an instance of a certificate directly .
Reference: return a compositetype object for the specified alphacomposite rule .
Candidate: return a new adapter to the a new search if the new is the a new is the a new is a new is a new is the same buffers
Reference: removes the specified tracking icon .
Candidate: removes the specified tracking icon .
Reference: returns a list of all the phonemes used by the lts rules .
Candidate: reverses a character translator sequences of a nearest opaque character .
Reference: convert a file into a relative path from a given parent . this is useful if you want to write out the file name into that parent directory .
Candidate: change the change of the the of the property change . if the change is is
Reference: check whether two floating point values match with a given precision .
Candidate: determines if two rectangles are equal to the absolute of b .
Reference: ends the current element context and gets back to the parent context . this method should be called at the end of the endelement method of derived classes .
Candidate: ends the current element of the context method should be called at the end of the endelement element .
Reference: java . util . arrays # fill ( byte [ ] , int , int , byte )
Candidate: java . util . arrays # fill ( byte [ ] , int , int )
Reference: enters a new scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket .
Candidate: enters a new scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket .
Reference: calculates the log of a given value .
Candidate: converts a double value to an appropriate coordinates .
Reference: uploads a file from source to the dropbox
Candidate: helper a request of the file format .
Reference: create a file object to which we can safely zip a file .
Candidate: flattens a file to the file file .
Reference: remove a custom data handler for a given column name . subsequent to this method , the column will use the default handler .
Candidate: remove a column handler for the given column handler .
Reference: determines whether the tag has no fields specified . < br > < p > if there are no images we return empty if either there is no vorbistag or
Candidate: returns true if empty is empty .
Reference: restore available badges from saveinstance
Candidate: show at the pure of show
Reference: touch the worker if you have a http connection that needs to wait .
Candidate: reset the same time time , so reflect the last time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time
Reference: construct a catalog entry of the specified type .
Candidate: construct a catalog entry to the specified catalog .
Reference: adds a message waiting .
Candidate: add an item to be used in the proper number of a profile . be used to the proper number of synchronization .
Reference: push a new scope on top of the scope stack
Candidate: create a new view with the given in the given position .
Reference: logs diagnostic messages about the given classloader and it ' s hierarchy . the prefix is prepended to the message and is intended to make it easier to understand the
Candidate: logs diagnostic messages about the given classloader hierarchy . the hierarchy is intended to make it ' s intended to make it easier to understand the
Reference: add a gossip member to the list of members to start with .
Candidate: marks member ' member ' member member member member member member member ' member ' member member ' member ' member ' member ' member ' member ' member member
Reference: gets files for all registered file appenders .
Candidate: gets all registered files appenders .
Reference: returns the case sensitive search switch .
Candidate: returns true if the user is going to b .
Reference: test whether the given node is a namespace decl node . in dom level 2 this can be done in a namespace - aware manner , but in level 1
Candidate: this node is done in decl node dom node . this node is done in the dom level in the dom level .
Reference: returns the hash code value for this object .
Candidate: returns the hash code name for this object .
Reference: creates a simple model using default resource bundle .
Candidate: creates a new mailbox .
Reference: tests this function for equality with an arbitrary object .
Candidate: indicates if the object is equal to the object .
Reference: concerts a string color ( # ff882465 ) to an int color
Candidate: used by getting custom purposes . used by colorpickerpreferrence
Reference: perform the default action .
Candidate: perform the default action .
Reference: start the traversal at the given node .
Candidate: returns the the node in the specified .
Reference: xml parser : closing xml tag .
Candidate: description of the element of the element element .
Reference: cancel all observer relations that this server has established with this ' realtion ' s endpoint .
Candidate: removes all all all all elements have been cancelled .
Reference: returns an instance ' s attribute value in internal format .
Candidate: removes the generics from the objective .
Reference: initialize the layout with starting values .
Candidate: initialize the layout starting with starting .
Reference: decodes lzw image data into pixel array . adapted from john cristy ' s bitmapmagick .
Candidate: parse a string representation into a given width array . it will optionally below it will be
Reference: find the value that corresponds to this key . it finds only the first occurrence of the key .
Candidate: find the key that corresponds to the first occurrence of the key .
Reference: decodes the given base58 string into the original data bytes .
Candidate: decodes the given base58 string into the original data bytes .
Reference: construct a match pattern from a pattern and template .
Candidate: construct a match from a template pattern . .
Reference: closes the btree and then deletes its data files .
Candidate: commit are cached changes to cached cached cached changes to disk cached . cached cached files are cached cached changes to disk disk cached , cached or more data to
Reference: checks to see if an annotated type has no prefix
Candidate: decrements a collection of a certain number to a certain number of combine a certain number by one of buttons . < p / >
Reference: throws an exception if the format is not syntactically valid .
Candidate: tests the the " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
Reference: initializes logger into / from log reference passed in .
Candidate: find all log4j spi
Reference: receive one byte from the port and convert it into string
Candidate: receive one byte from the port and convert it into string
Reference: checks all spin : constraints for a given resource .
Candidate: creates a that can be that can be that can be that can be that can be that can be that can be that can be that can be be
Reference: checks if is valid imdb id .
Candidate: validate the blocksnapshot policy tag indicates if it indicates corresponds to the global format . e . g .
Reference: move to the activity where we show the recorded video
Candidate: launch the email attendees of the activity .
Reference: takes a list of coordinates and converts it to kml . < br > 2d and 3d aware . terminates the coordinate output with a newline .
Candidate: adds a single ten representing the vertices vertices as elimination . < p > < p > < p > < p > < p > < p > vertices
Reference: checks if the exception is one of the intended server side exception that has been thrown over the aidl layer .
Candidate: checks whether the given is a valid exception .
Reference: swap the matrices so that the largest value is on the pivot
Candidate: swap the matrices so that largest value is the on the pivot so that so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so
Reference: returns whether popup is allowed to be shown above the task bar . this is a default implementation of this method , which checks corresponding security permission .
Candidate: returns true if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if see if the
Reference: creates a job based on the specified activiti xml classpath resource location and defines a emr cluster definition .
Candidate: this method will return the action from the given parameters .
Reference: find all classes below a certain directory which contain main ( ) classes
Candidate: find the belvedere root root .
Reference: validates whether the given string only contains valid xml characters .
Candidate: escapes all occurrences of the given character .
Reference: just for debugging convenience
Candidate: writes the file to the specified file .
Reference: read values from settings
Candidate: this method is used when the specified of available from available .
Reference: defines when a method access flags are compatible with instantrun technology . < p > - if the method is a bridge method , we do not enable it for
Candidate: the method that can be the method can be the method can be a parameter .
Reference: create a sequence containing a vector of objects .
Candidate: create a sequence containing a vector of objects .
Reference: configures with specified thread pool
Candidate: creates train indexes accepting threaded train across train recorded affect cluster structures .
Reference: after reading an object from the input stream , do a simple verification to maintain class invariants .
Candidate: appends the version to the associated to the stream .
Reference: compute an offset segment for an input segment on a given side and at a given distance . the offset points are computed in full double precision , for accuracy
Candidate: sets the paths that contains the keys that are not that that that the keys that are not that that the keys that are not that itself that should be
Reference: returns the element at the specified location in this vector .
Candidate: compares the the vector to the vector to the vector . the vector is large to the specified vector . the vector is large . the vector is large large
Reference: creates the qos rule objects from the given jsonobject and returns them in a list .
Candidate: returns the statement out of a statement object .
Reference: custom implementation of tooctets to ensure a string value too long will be truncated properly in view of the space needed by the type , length , and identifier .
Candidate: crafts the octet / octet / octet algorithm conforming to the given section 3 . rfc 2865 with the the format ' s the truncated truncated to rfc truncated truncated
Reference: this function returns decimals value for a double
Candidate: left round to round decimal value .
Reference: flush all buffered data to the underlying output stream .
Candidate: flushes the buffered stream .
Reference: does the copying . also used by unittesting
Candidate: checks all the file file can the file file can file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file file
Reference: validate the c - octet string .
Candidate: returns true if the given string is allowed .
Reference: create a bounding rectangle given the four coordinates , where the upper left corner of the rectangle is the minimum x , y values and the width and height are
Candidate: compute the coordinate box from the given bounding box .
Reference: add button for clearing graph data .
Candidate: add button graph for clearing graph button .
Reference: from https : / / en . wikipedia . org / wiki / levenshtein_distance " it is always at least the difference of the sizes of the two strings .
Candidate: return the levenshtein for the given .
Reference: this private method just creates a number of files with a specific extension .
Candidate: this a file is used to the given file . if the file is not exist , then it does not exist ,
Reference: determine if the expression is an animal .
Candidate: determine if the expression is a plural form .
Reference: parses the given string and replaces all occurrences of ' \ n ' , ' \ r ' and ' \ r \ n ' with the given line separator
Candidate: parses a string using the given string of r ' \ r ' \ r & r ' \ r ' \ n '
Reference: adjusts the name to avoid name conflicts in the new session and , if the name is adjusted , adjusts the position so the user can see the two nodes
Candidate: adjusts the name to see if the name can see if the name is adjusted , adjusts the name so the user can the the two nodes , the the
Reference: adds a ping notification to the current list .
Candidate: adds notification notification to this notification .
Reference: creates an nfs datastore for the hosts in the cluster
Candidate: executes an update an ' s in the datastore and return an id in the datastore .
Reference: check the size of the array and increase if needed
Candidate: check the size of the array and increase if needed
Reference: used for open an image from an unknown content storage
Candidate: constructs an new context handler .
Reference: checks that the given substring is a valid internal class name .
Candidate: checks that the given substring is a valid internal class name .
Reference: for a given set of starting tasks , initialize the associated sessions with a proper blocking semaphore and value of number of tasks to be run . for each semaphore
Candidate: the the the on the specified thread .
Reference: creates calibration charts for the simulation and benchmark / survey dataset param color scheme ( red_scheme , autumn , muted rainbow , lollapalooza , french girl , m8_colors ) param
Candidate: benchmark calibration charts for the scheme and red_scheme , lollapalooza , m8_colors param , m8_colors param ) param
Reference: return the unquoted version of name ( stripping the start and end ' ` ' characters if present ) .
Candidate: removes the name ( if necessary ) does not have the name of the name .
Reference: is the specified player the leader of this group ?
Candidate: tests players received with typical p > players who with the received message with no players who ' received with the typical report received with an obscured . < p
Reference: re - do the last undone operation for a specific rich text editor
Candidate: re - do the last undone operation for the specific rich text editor
Reference: decodes outcome to return result or throw unchecked exception .
Candidate: reports if previously catch catch reports conventions .
Reference: writes out protein view to an zipped and compressed html file .
Candidate: out view out view out view out view out view out view out view out view out view out view out view out out out out out out out out
Reference: test bf [ 1824256 ] convert sql casts
Candidate: quotedchar column column with column column column column column column column column column column column column column column column column column column column column column column column column column column
Reference: writes all bytes to nce cs memory as long as there are no user input errors
Candidate: returns true if the scan should be a during a specific wifi .
Reference: write contour into a lf0 file in sptk format
Candidate: create a weight to to ensure that will be obtained by
Reference: start monitoring the current thread .
Candidate: start monitoring the current thread .
Reference: find an element by its " id " attribute ; null if no element is found .
Candidate: finds an element from the given node name .
Reference: transfers node , if necessary , to sync queue after a cancelled wait . returns true if thread was cancelled before being signalled .
Candidate: transfers node , if necessary to sync queue after a cancelled wait . returns true if thread was cancelled before being signalled .
Reference: construct a regular expression matching the kleene closure of the language matched by the argument regular expression .
Candidate: compares the non - random character . multiplication .
Reference: remove the specified element from the selection .
Candidate: remove the specified element from this model .
Reference: pass mouseevent straight through to delegate
Candidate: handle mouseevent straight mouse delegate .
Reference: prints a formatted string to this output stream , using the specified locale , format string , and arguments , and then flushes this output stream .
Candidate: prints a formatted string to the output stream , using the specified format .
Reference: process the source tree to the output result .
Candidate: process the input source tree .
Reference: tests comparison sorts attributes before elements .
Candidate: tests comparison of different attributes .
Reference: adds an instruction to the output suffix .
Candidate: register an instruction ignoring given register . register for the register . register ignoring instruction
Reference: returns an enumeration describing the available options . .
Candidate: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Reference: close selector if needed .
Candidate: dump the selector for getting key .
Reference: returns the value of subtracting the first from the second number .
Candidate: returns the number of two numbers of the .
Reference: adds the provided required attributes .
Candidate: add an instance of the specified string .
Reference: shows up history dialog
Candidate: save the button button .
Reference: returns the number of elements in this queue .
Candidate: returns the number of elements in this queue .
Reference: read a stream into a byte [ ] . < p > note : the stream is closed as a side - effect .
Candidate: reads an input stream according to the given stream .
Reference: construct a lazyfuturestream from an publisher
Candidate: construct a lazyfuturestream from a
Reference: creates a new protobuf handler .
Candidate: creates a new protobuf handler .
Reference: the real guts of parsenetworkresponse . broken out for readability .
Candidate: the real guts of parsenetworkresponse . broken out for readability .
Reference: get a notification by its id .
Candidate: update the notification id about notification id id .
Reference: setup the green gradient
Candidate: setup the green gradient
Reference: writes a histogram as a tab - separated file with two columns : the first column indicates the bin key ( e . g . upper bin border ) ,
Candidate: loads the contents of the given file .
Reference: this takes a stage of a stage of a value and returns a plain stage of a value .
Candidate: takes a value of a collection of a stage .
Reference: add a character and a number . the ordinal value of the character is used in the addition ( the ordinal value is the unicode value which for simple character
Candidate: return the number of the ordinal value to the the ordinal value is used in addition ( the ordinal value is the unicode value which the character value for the
Reference: clips the passed in string to the space provided .
Candidate: returns the provided string of the provided string in the provided location . this is be used for inclusion in the " of " " " " " " "
Reference: removes an element from this instantrunnable .
Candidate: removes an element from the queue . the queue is bigger the end .
Reference: check whether the given object is a cglib proxy .
Candidate: tells whether the obj represents obj around obj around default system msg obj around obj around obj around obj around obj around obj around obj around obj around default system
Reference: resets the references for streaming .
Candidate: resets the references for streaming .
Reference: add a slide to the intro
Candidate: add a new slide to the intro
Reference: splits the given string into lines using on any embedded newlines , and wrapping the text as needed to conform to the given maximum line width . < p /
Candidate: splits the given lines into the embedded string using the given width and wrapping the embedded newlines conform to conform to conform to conform to conform to the given width
Reference: removes wheel changing listener
Candidate: removes wheel changing listener
Reference: allocates a direct float buffer , and populates it with the vertex data .
Candidate: convert a float value to the buffer .
Reference: publish / send a message to an mqtt server
Candidate: mqtt the mqtt topic on the mqtt topic on the mqtt topic .
Reference: cleans a directory without deleting it .
Candidate: cleans a directory without deleting it .
Reference: extracts the watermark data from subband
Candidate: embeds a the watermark ' s distributed value from the internal state .
Reference: moves a file or directory to the destination directory . < p > when the destination is on another file system , do a " copy and delete " .
Candidate: moves a file to the destination directory . < p / > if the destination is another directory to do a copy of the file system .
Reference: loads security related properties from a file . file location = { clusterhome } / conf / security . properties
Candidate: loads the binary values from the given file .
Reference: closes an input stream .
Candidate: closes the input stream input stream .
Reference: limpia la lista de ficheros del escaneo
Candidate: cleans all the files file .
Reference: return true if the edge ab intersects the given edge of constant latitude .
Candidate: return true if the given edge intersects the given latitude .
Reference: starts the process described by ' builder ' , and asserts that it sees ' expectedout ' on stdout and ' expectederr ' on stderr . times out after 10s
Candidate: asserts that the process ' sees ' expectedout ' described on stdout and 10s
Reference: below method will be used to start file based merge
Candidate: below method will be used to start the file based on
Reference: callback for when text is inserted into the document .
Candidate: callback for that is inserted into the document .
Reference: constructs a new exception with the specified message .
Candidate: create a new message message .
Reference: returns true if the two components have a common parallelgroup ancestor along the particular axis .
Candidate: lays the edges in the specified model .
Reference: reads an object from the input stream . cl is known not to be a map .
Candidate: general methods to rename a serialized class been been been been been been been been serialized . been been been been been been been been been been been been been
Reference: subtract zero from a number . the number is positive .
Candidate: subtract two positive numbers ; the first is greater in absolute value .
Reference: < rm > , lsr # < shift_imm > operation : if shift_imm = = 0 then shifter_operand = 0 shifter_carry_out = rm [ 31 ] else / / shift_imm
Candidate: < rm > < [ 0 ] < rm > < rm > < rm > < rm > < rm > = > shifter_operand = rm shifter_carry_out = flag
Reference: creates a new plaintext component with the given int
Candidate: creates a new plaintext component with the given component .
Reference: clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above
Candidate: clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above
Reference: allows to know if a given calendar instance is set today
Candidate: returns all the common attributes .
Reference: creates an initial port and starts to listen .
Candidate: creates an initial port and listen to listen .
Reference: pretty printing accumulator function for doubles
Candidate: pretty printing accumulator function for booleans
Reference: note : this conversion procedure is sloppy and may result in jpeg compression artifacts
Candidate: converts a image to an image image , we don ' t really isn ' t ' t ' t ' t ' t ' t ' t ' t
Reference: this method is used to convert the string value given to an appropriate representation . this is used when an object is being deserialized from the xml document and the
Candidate: this method is used to convert the double value to an appropriate representation .
Reference: test if the dom implementation implements a specific feature .
Candidate: dom test if the feature specific feature implementation is currently - meaning language - level thereof .
Reference: doing the best possible assignment . matched target ports should be assigned at least to one initiator .
Candidate: does the return the of the the in the .
Reference: returns the next event in the queue or externalevent with time of double . max_value if there are no events left
Candidate: start a events and a a events a events .
Reference: append the polygon to the buffer .
Candidate: appends the end of the to the end of the .
Reference: updates a jcombobox with all of the track locations for this location .
Candidate: validate a combo payload combobox
Reference: creates a new refactoring session transformer .
Candidate: removes all members for the given entity are protected . protected are protected are protected are protected are protected are protected are protected are protected are protected are protected are
Reference: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Candidate: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Reference: opens this compare operation , showing the compare ui , returning the result details of the comparison . note that the compare results only includes saved data from the results
Candidate: see the capacity of the other values are defined by the caller .
Reference: should never be called .
Candidate: should never be called .
Reference: import a resources into view
Candidate: inserts the missing resources in the given resources . don ' t exist in the jms subdeployment
Reference: checks whether a string contains only number or not using a regex . i like this approach since it doesn ' t need to parse it into a numerical variable
Candidate: checks if a string represents a numeric number .
Reference: open the supplied keystore file from disk .
Candidate: a a existing by a file to a file . to the existing file .
Reference: encode string as a byte array in base64 annotation .
Candidate: encode a string in base64 string .
Reference: atomically adds the given value to the current value .
Candidate: atomically adds the given value to the current value .
Reference: returns the " current time " notion of this scheduler .
Candidate: returns the time as a certain time . note that we have the same time in the time time .
Reference: appends a namevaluepair of k / v to l if v is non - null .
Candidate: add a segment to a list of .
Reference: reads the file at the given location and creates a properties file from the contents .
Candidate: loads the properties from the specified url .
Reference: calculates the weight of a single plan .
Candidate: creates the graph based on the graph .
Reference: checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified . < p > this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the
Candidate: checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified . < p > this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the
Reference: suspect underlying variables have changed value ; check . first match will succeed , so there should not be multiple matches possible . ( " first match " is defined
Candidate: adds the list that it corresponds to the list
Reference: inserts the string into this string buffer . the characters of the string argument are inserted , in order , into this string buffer at the indicated offset , moving
Candidate: inserts the string representation of the argument argument into the buffer . the argument argument is the argument argument . the argument argument is the argument argument . the argument
Reference: creates the znode if it does not exist . will create parent directories .
Candidate: adds a new entry into the specified key .
Reference: calculates the log of the given value , using the current base .
Candidate: don ' t ' t need to a particular clip . it would be used within an mean .
Reference: raises the x , y , and z values of a vector3 to the given power .
Candidate: rounds the x , y , the given vector3 down to the nearest value .
Reference: used to receive ssdp response packet
Candidate: this a datagram to a a datagram
Reference: tear down after testing .
Candidate: tear down after testing .
Reference: flushes page and it ' s content stream . < br > < br > if the page belongs to the document which is tagged , page flushing also triggers
Candidate: clears the buffered data .
Reference: convert a color temperature value ( in kelvin ) to a rgb units as floats . this can be used in a transform matrix or hardware gamma control .
Candidate: get the for a ranking for the given , then the given , then negates for the given .
Reference: sets the state mapper to set the name to the value returned by the specified mapper
Candidate: suitable exports style style style style style style style style style style style style style style style style style style style style style style style style style style style style
Reference: listen to the loconet . we ' re listening for incoming opc_peer_xfr messages , which might be part of a read or write sequence . we ' re also _sometimes_
Candidate: generates a local message from the local state .
Reference: returns the signature that was built by this signature writer .
Candidate: returns the contents of the signature writer .
Reference: java . util . arrays # fill ( boolean [ ] , int , int , boolean )
Candidate: java . util . arrays # fill ( char [ ] , int , int ) .
Reference: calculates a quantitative , linearly scaled layout .
Candidate: calculates the quantitative linearly scaled linearly .
Reference: adds the objects in the specified collection to the end of this vector .
Candidate: adds the specified collection to the specified collection of the specified collection .
Reference: send if possible the catch server exception to the client
Candidate: send a message to a closed .
Reference: format nothing . just use the control string .
Candidate: get the string of the string .
Reference: get the name of a relation between an object and a resource
Candidate: create a unique of the specified name in the database .
Reference: update locations if load changes . new load could change which track are allowed if auto selected . return when empty ( rwe ) always uses the default empty load
Candidate: initializes modeswitchlistener ,
Reference: returns the tip text for this property
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property
Reference: joins multiple namedvalues into a single string
Candidate: returns a string representation of the given string .
Reference: returns a 0 - based depth within the object graph of the current object being serialized .
Candidate: get the number of the month .
Reference: change a given number of steps to a single variable reference .
Candidate: change a given number of steps to a given number of steps .
Reference: returns the value as string out of the given distribution
Candidate: add a single value that are taken from the that are taken from the that are taken from the that are taken from the that are taken from the that
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: ensures that the internal log .
Reference: send request to read group data
Candidate: build the android ' s internal fraction to the tail mode .
Reference: computes the full url based on a base url and a possibly relative link found in the href param of an html anchor .
Candidate: parse the link to the the link the target , or the the link .
Reference: serializes cookie object into string
Candidate: serializes cookie object into string
Reference: skips the given number of bytes .
Candidate: skips the given data to the given .
Reference: resumes the ken burns effect animation .
Candidate: resumes the ken burns effect animation .
Reference: draws the description text in the center of the pie chart makes most sense when center - hole is enabled
Candidate: draw the http down from the given .
Reference: subtract two numbers of different scales ; the first is negative
Candidate: subtract two numbers of different negative scales
Reference: generates a function that adds members to a prototype , then calls it .
Candidate: called when the component has been successfully saved .
Reference: construct a new all to all panel .
Candidate: creates a new model panel .
Reference: add a property change listener
Candidate: add a property change listener
Reference: is the extension function available ?
Candidate: available function function ?
Reference: allocates and initializes p_section_count sections
Candidate: adds the next row to the table .
Reference: true if a refresh is needed from the original data source .
Candidate: true if the original is needed to true
Reference: generate an array of random bytes
Candidate: generate an random random random random number of bytes .
Reference: initializes the counting arrays with the start distribution .
Candidate: start the the of the the patch .
Reference: removes the extensions of the given file name .
Candidate: extract the absolute name of its last file name .
Reference: delete the attribute value .
Candidate: delete the attribute value .
Reference: scale based on min , max
Candidate: scale based on min , max
Reference: internal utility method to determine if the given scheme should use semicolons ( ; ) for query separator instead of ampersand ( & )
Candidate: return true for the given separator semicolons ( & lt ; & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & &
Reference: adds a leaf to a spatial , including all nonexisting parents .
Candidate: recursively get parents of recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively
Reference: do venn diagram between the two sets . keep listeners held in common . add new listeners . remove old .
Candidate: create a new nodes from a list
Reference: converts a database name to a java variable name . the naming conventions used to allow for this are as follows : a database name ( table or column )
Candidate: converts a column name to a database name for name to a column name ( name name name name name name name name name name name name name ) name
Reference: the byte [ ] returned by messagedigest does not have a nice textual representation , so some form of encoding is usually performed . this implementation follows the example of
Candidate: converts a string into a string .
Reference: given a size , compute a value such that it will downscale the original size to fit within the maxsize bounding box and to be less than the provided area
Candidate: calculate that that the given of that is being that is used to calculate the that that that that that that that that that that that the given size is
Reference: create channel for endpoint .
Candidate: removes a new endpoint from the from the data .
Reference: prints the fields of a document for human consumption .
Candidate: returns a printable string for this field .
Reference: encode the input data producing a base 64 encoded byte array .
Candidate: decode the base 64 encoded input data .
Reference: creates a face of the model in a specified direction
Candidate: creates a new with a given data . assumes that the original is not with the original cell . < p > assumes that the original vertices is inserted with
Reference: add a file system observer to this monitor .
Candidate: add a observer to this file system .
Reference: create message from buffer ( for parsing )
Candidate: tests bytes flow message messages .
Reference: computes log ( 1 + x ) .
Candidate: read the logarithm distance .
Reference: adds the given number as a push data chunk . this is intended to use for negative numbers or values > 16 , and although it will accept numbers in
Candidate: adds the given number to the given number of bytes .
Reference: gets the callbacks object . if we ' ve been stopped , or if the launcher object has somehow been garbage collected , return null instead . pass in the
Candidate: gets if we ' ve been stopped , if the launcher has somehow been garbage null , return null instead has been garbage collected , been been been been been
Reference: changes the tree entries from p_keep_at_start_count + 1 to new_shape_count - 1 - keep_at_end_count to p_changed_entries . special implementation for change_trace for performance reasons
Candidate: tries to see if the given is is already been modified to the the tree . this is not call to return the way of this is done by the
Reference: create an instance of a class using the specified classloader
Candidate: create an instance of a class using the specified classloader
Reference: paint the progress indicator
Candidate: paint the specified of the specified of the specified window . this is not filled with the specified range of this .
Reference: adds the specified action to the actions list for this phase .
Candidate: adds a datasource existing data to the existing plugin .
Reference: to create a polygon we need atleast 3 separate points
Candidate: create a polygon we need atleast 3 separate points
Reference: reads the json object value from the json array for specified index .
Candidate: extracts and return the smallest element from the json array .
Reference: will wait until no element identified by the by is present .
Candidate: method that draws the element at that at one element at the end element .
Reference: assert that the testsubscriber terminated ( i . e . , the terminal latch reached zero ) .
Candidate: asserts that the source of the screen or throws an exception if triggered .
Reference: check if a vimeo url has a valid identifier
Candidate: returns true if suspense balancing .
Reference: check whether this work is canceled .
Candidate: check whether this work is canceled .
Reference: push a treewalker on the stack .
Candidate: push a treewalker on the stack .
Reference: checks that the given string is a valid type descriptor .
Candidate: checks that the given string is a valid type descriptor .
Reference: rename the local owncloud folder of one account to match the a rename of the account itself . updates the table of files in database so that the paths to
Candidate: validates the rows should be already in the database should be be be be be be be be be be be be be be be be be be be be
Reference: dump all the configuration options listed as get methods in the configuration interface .
Candidate: set the name of files in the list .
Reference: parses the given language resource , returning the resulting jsonnode . if the resource cannot be read because it does not exist , null is returned .
Candidate: read a proxy object from the provided stream , but can be overridden by many resources , but also needs to the stream .
Reference: make a collection of states that can be the start of a line . first possibility : l - margin , with no context . has probability line_mrgn_prob * prior
Candidate: create an create an create an create an create an create an create an an create an create an create an create an create an create an an create an
Reference: detatches the bitmap container from the request and cancels the request if no one is left listening .
Candidate: detatches the bitmap container from the request and cancels the request if no one is left listening .
Reference: creates a new kernel density function with the given points
Candidate: obtain a density function of the density function
Reference: this methods provide cloning for serializable objects . mail attributes are serializable but not clonable so we need a deep copy
Candidate: serializes an object objectinputstream .
Reference: determine if there are more than 2 points currently in the partial hull .
Candidate: determine if there are currently more than 2 points in the hull .
Reference: creates a new zip entry with the specified name .
Candidate: creates a new zip entry with the specified name name .
Reference: test if single statement can be safely used in multiple transactions . the only visible outcome of this test case are messages in stderr that result set was closed .
Candidate: todo goes mode receive all intended receive receive intended receive receive receive receive receive receive receive receive receive receive receive receive receive receive receive receive receive receive receive receive up
Reference: read the given dictionary file from the input stream .
Candidate: read the actual input file in the input stream
Reference: matches individual request and target tokens . this method is used to compare tokens in one level wild card compare to compare tokens between delimiter boundaries .
Candidate: returns the mapping to the given the given . .
Reference: add a vertex to this congruence class .
Candidate: add a label to the graph .
Reference: resets the viewtomodel array to be of size rowcount .
Candidate: resets the viewtomodel size of the rowcount .
Reference: return all files referenced by this segmentinfo .
Candidate: set the set of files for this set of the set of changes .
Reference: do we run on apple
Candidate: is system is running system 6 . java . . 6 / 6 . 6 / 6 . 6 / 6 . 6 . 6 . 6 . 6 .
Reference: tests if concretethrowable . getclass is assignable to any of the classes in throwableclasses
Candidate: detect whether the passed is is a in the a exception .
Reference: combines and returns queued messages combined into a single string . combines as many messages as possible , while staying under max_payload_size . returns null if the queue is empty
Candidate: combines a many messages combined into a single string . combines as many messages , while staying under max_payload_size . returns null if the queue is empty .
Reference: prints an integer to the stream .
Candidate: prints the contents of a char to the target stream .
Reference: returns a map of associations and their confidence , where confidence is support for the itemset ( that is , the number of times it appears in the input data
Candidate: returns a map of all data applications in a map .
Reference: returns true if all characters in the string are letters
Candidate: checks if the given string could be lowercase .
Reference: extract itemsets ending in the given item .
Candidate: create the set of the statistics .
Reference: updates a particle position
Candidate: updates a particle position
Reference: converts a hexadecimal character to an integer .
Candidate: converts an hexadecimal character to an integer .
Reference: this method must be provided by the vm vendor , as it is called by java . lang . system . load ( ) . system . load ( )
Candidate: don ' t try to the within the path ' s ' , it ' replaced within the ' / ' within the java ' s extensions .
Reference: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Candidate: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Reference: create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes . the number of bytes is multiple of 4 . the most significant byte is negative .
Candidate: create a negative number of a sign and an array of bytes . the number of bytes is multiple of 4 . the most significant byte is positive .
Reference: saves the ca key and the certificate chain to the specified keystore
Candidate: store a store key store store store store .
Reference: helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
Candidate: helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
Reference: adds a filter to the list of filters to " or " .
Candidate: adds a filter to the list of filters .
Reference: send a debug log message
Candidate: send a debug log message
Reference: generate an array of random bytes
Candidate: generate an random random random random number of bytes .
Reference: update the statistics entry .
Candidate: create an instance an instance an instance an instance an instance an instance an instance an instance an instance an instance an instance an instance an instance an instance an
Reference: test create and shutdown of a named store .
Candidate: attempts to store the specified file to the specified directory . does not writable exist .
Reference: returns a string representation of the node .
Candidate: returns a string representing the object formatters .
Reference: splits the traces containing this . keep_point if this . keep_point ! = null this actually splits the trace since lower down pieces are inserted in the board , if
Candidate: returns true if the given returns the at the given position .
Reference: this flips the bits in the range [ index , index + length ) and returns the same byte [ ] .
Candidate: converts an array of bytes into a byte array .
Reference: sets the settings and mappings as a single source .
Candidate: adds a string for a linear .
Reference: add users to the configuration .
Candidate: user users user users user users user users user users user users user users user users user users user users user users user users user users user users user users
Reference: attempts to acquire the eviction lock and apply the pending operations , up to the amortized threshold , to the page replacement policy .
Candidate: clears the thread - memory thread .
Reference: removes a single individual .
Candidate: removes a single individual .
Reference: copy source file to destination file . create directory if destination directory does not exist
Candidate: copy the specified source file to target directory .
Reference: decode properties into string ( url encoded )
Candidate: decode the string encoded string using the base64 encoded string .
Reference: generates xml in the rss format .
Candidate: this getting encoding of getting the xml fraction getting the encoding of this attribute ' s critical content . currently can ' t can hold any content of
Reference: tests comparison of different elements .
Candidate: tests comparison of different attributes .
Reference: deletes directory with files .
Candidate: deletes a directory ' s parent .
Reference: morph is similar to the replace functionality where a component might be replaced with a component that isn ' t within the container . however , unlike the replace functionality
Candidate: starts a behaviour in the snapshot of the snapshot snapshot .
Reference: localized string to timestamp conversion . to be used in tandem with timestamptostring ( ) .
Candidate: localized string to convert string to localized string localized string to localized string .
Reference: true if the string is the beginning of a new camel case hunk . false if it is not .
Candidate: checks if the string ends with the given string . lowercase .
Reference: removes all placeholder - value mappings .
Candidate: removes the fields in this object .
Reference: adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in
Candidate: adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in
Reference: get the character definitions of the font .
Candidate: lists a a delimited string for a string [ ] , j , holding general function . this function , quite , j , j , j , j ,
Reference: converts a string to a byte array .
Candidate: converts a byte array to the specified byte array .
Reference: joins the channel of the user provided and then plays a file .
Candidate: create user user user user user user user user user user user user
Reference: ensure that , when the virtual machine is about to exit , all objects are finalized . note that all finalization which occurs when the system is exiting is performed
Candidate: note that the vm is about all objects that occurs in the system occurs , which occurs note that note that note that note that note that note that this
Reference: returns the interval for the given confidence value .
Candidate: returns the index of the the element in the list of the .
Reference: searches the specified collection for the minimum element using the specified comparator .
Candidate: searches the specified collection for the minimum element using the specified comparator .
Reference: checks if given hash is the same for given file - helps to detect file changes
Candidate: checks true if one file denotes an existing directory to be removed online .
Reference: add the key that should be treated as one of the value fields . the key must be in the input map
Candidate: adds a key to the subtileentity .
Reference: add a new border to the existing borders .
Candidate: perform the string and c and b and c and c and c and c and c and c and c and c and c and c and c and
Reference: returns the name of an html character reference based on its character value . only valid for entities defined from character references . if no such character value was defined
Candidate: converts the given name into a string .
Reference: split the supplied content into lines , returning each line as an element in the returned list .
Candidate: extracts the content of the fp content from the string .
Reference: draws the wafermap view .
Candidate: draws the image using the specified printer ( i . e . g . ) .
Reference: adds a hole to the polygon formed by this ring .
Candidate: adds a polygon formed to this ring .
Reference: create mappings from guicomponents to their gui wrappers .
Candidate: utility method to a method for a method . a method is whenever a field is a a single instance of a map whose value is created .
Reference: adds another imagecontainer to the list of those interested in the results of the request .
Candidate: adds another imagecontainer to the list of those interested in the results of the request .
Reference: initialize the genericactivity fields .
Candidate: initialize the genericactivity fields .
Reference: this method is called from the native code in order to skip requested number of bytes in the input stream .
Candidate: this is used to convert native buffered message to change to native message in order to change . we change to change to change to change .
Reference: generate 64 bit hash key identifier .
Candidate: generate 160 bit hash key identifier .
Reference: creates a new create - xxx sub - command for an optional relation .
Candidate: creates a new xxx command for xxx instantiable relation .
Reference: creates a new dsubjectinformationaccess dialog .
Candidate: creates a new dnetscaperevocationurl dialog .
Reference: verify signer ( string , identityscope ) creates instance
Candidate: creates string instance string instance string instance .
Reference: reads an svg " line " element .
Candidate: converts the specified type to a specified type . < p > note : the : " may be " " into " " " " " " " "
Reference: create a listmodel with the provided items .
Candidate: create a listmodel with the provided items .
Reference: returns true if field calltype is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field averageload averageload averageload is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
Reference: loads the buffer via sourcemapper , and maps it in sourcemapper
Candidate: load the random number of bytes to the buffer .
Reference: create a dialog that filters for files with the specified extensions .
Candidate: create a new node .
Reference: compute static load metrics .
Candidate: verify that the exportgroup and style for launching vipr tree .
Reference: see the general contract of the readshort method of datainput . bytes for this operation are read from the contained input stream .
Candidate: read the general contract of the readint method of datainput for the stream of datainput .
Reference: create a replication job to copy a partition .
Candidate: create a replication job to .
Reference: util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
Candidate: util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
Reference: this method is called when executing this application from the command line .
Candidate: append the given file in the given string .
Reference: scipio : stock findorders service .
Candidate: service wrapper for a createelectronictextmethod method . forces permissions to
Reference: indicates if this file represents a file on the underlying file system .
Candidate: checks if the file is exist .
Reference: start with ordinal selection of input stages then ordinal selection of each output ring there after . todo : do generic return that extends pronghornstage
Candidate: returns a " int " .
Reference: returns an array of the t - statistic of each coefficient in a multiple linear regression model .
Candidate: compute the matrix of uniform doubles of doubles . doubles .
Reference: this method basically goes through the list of bootstrappers registered by modules and runs them .
Candidate: helper method that should be called before being occur in the main dominator ve been performed in the context .
Reference: expert : just reads and verifies the object id of an index header
Candidate: return an length of the header size header size header size header size header size header .
Reference: returns the stack map table written out .
Candidate: get the hash byte array .
Reference: save the currently selected clusterer output to a file .
Candidate: save the save buffer .
Reference: get recommendations for resource placement based on the passed parameters .
Candidate: build the required of vertex recommendation for all required volumes in the required vertex .
Reference: collect a list of relative paths . the start directory for the match is given as separate parameter .
Candidate: computes the path of this path . returns a relative path .
Reference: returns true if the given module specifier is specifying a file . returns false for empty specifiers .
Candidate: indicates true if the string ends with the given string is lowercase in rfc rendering hints .
Reference: in vnx , 4 default policies are present , and this method creates expected settings per poolcapability .
Candidate: add to add the gcm service to the email .
Reference: transfers the contents of an input stream to an output stream , using a large buffer .
Candidate: parse the given stream from the given stream stream .
Reference: returns the position within an orgunit path at which the orgunit uid will be found for a given orgunitlevel .
Candidate: get the number of seconds .
Reference: attempts to read more data .
Candidate: attempts to read the more data .
Reference: adds a numeric ( non - missing ) training class value and weight to the buffer of stored values . also updates minimum and maximum target value .
Candidate: tries to assign libsvm value .
Reference: main logic for parsing the groups from the json file . also does validation of the groups attributes .
Candidate: read the text object from the server .
Reference: after rotating , the matrix needs to be translated . this function finds the area of image which was previously centered and adjusts translations so that is again the center
Candidate: after rotating , the matrix needs to be translated . this function finds the area of image which was previously centered and adjusts translations so that is again the center
Reference: creates new instance of doublefft_1d .
Candidate: create a n - n - based on the given position .
Reference: drag gesture recognized . start the drag off if valid .
Candidate: create a new placement with the the .
Reference: checks if specified character can be part of xml identifier ( tag name of attribute name ) and is not standard identifier character .
Candidate: indicates whether the specified character represents a character - characters . < p > note : this method assumes that the mime - characters -
Reference: add a header line to this result .
Candidate: adds line line to the given line .
Reference: loads an address value from the database .
Candidate: this method extracts a memory declared integer in database description database database database .
Reference: formats the input string for inclusion in a url . account for the differences in how oauth encodes certain characters ( such as the space character ) .
Candidate: method to convert base64 string to an base64 url .
Reference: returns get url with appended parameters .
Candidate: gets the url from appended .
Reference: this method is used when a prefix / uri namespace mapping is indicated after the element was started with a startelement ( ) and before and endelement ( ) .
Candidate: this method is called after a mapping ( after a indicated element is a uri with a startelement / namespace endelement ( ) .
Reference: guesses the type of a file , based on file name suffix
Candidate: creates a default name for the given type in the given name .
Reference: test advance with giant bq of all terms with varying minshouldmatch
Candidate: test with giant bq with with all with varying minshouldmatch
Reference: returns true for a public class .
Candidate: returns true for a private field .
Reference: this api will be called for releasing the budget that was already allocated to some estimate or purchase order . on calling this the amount that was allocated to some
Candidate: changes an existing notification by this could true if an sync notification has been changed .
Reference: the clipboard must be opened .
Candidate: compute a number of records a a
Reference: put the encoding of the length in the stream .
Candidate: writes the length of bytes into the output stream .
Reference: adds a generic font family .
Candidate: add a new to to to to a new font .
Reference: this is used to write the xml element attributes representing the serialized object instance . if the object has already been serialized to the xml document then a reference attribute
Candidate: adds the element name to the node . if it is attr .
Reference: parses a data object from the current parsing position . this can either be a nsdata object or a gnustep nsnumber or nsdate . the prerequisite for calling this method
Candidate: parses a data from the current position . this method can be a nsdata object from gnustep nsnumber or nsdate .
Reference: returns true is the population contains no individuals .
Candidate: returns true if the population contains no individuals .
Reference: formats this date - time using the specified formatter . < p > this date - time will be passed to the formatter to produce a string .
Candidate: formats this year - month formatter to the specified date formatter . < p > this month will be passed in the formatter . produce a string
Reference: get the name of the class in dotted format .
Candidate: convert an package name from dotted dotted name dotted name dotted name .
Reference: creates a new daddextensions dialog .
Candidate: creates a new dialog . creates a new .
Reference: plays next video in playlist
Candidate: plays the video previous playlist
Reference: invokes a method by reflection .
Candidate: return the method that the method does not the method of the method .
Reference: copy nodelist members into this nodelist , adding in document order . null references are not added .
Candidate: copy nodelist members into this nodelist , adding document order . .
Reference: returns the rotate stream corresponding to this path
Candidate: returns this path to this stream
Reference: removes old tracks and cleans up the history preparing for new tracks to be added to the mapping
Candidate: remove the item from the list .
Reference: this method extracts all needed values from the styled attributes . those are used to configure the view .
Candidate: this method extracts all needed values from the styled attributes . those are used to configure the view .
Reference: construct a log message that does not involve any templating .
Candidate: run a searcher string . a string must be run .
Reference: translate all the label names within an action string to appropriate code .
Candidate: decodes a string from the given string . < p > note that into the report string into a different report string into a string into a report string into
Reference: the command will only load if this condition is true . happens after injections .
Candidate: returns true if bootpath should be shown in the preferences .
Reference: cast result object to a boolean .
Candidate: cast result object to a boolean .
Reference: generates the xml for the current request . follows the format laid out at http : / / code . google . com / p / omaha / wiki /
Candidate: generates the xml for the http request .
Reference: we need this strict function because boolean . parseboolean silently ignores malformed strings
Candidate: checks whether the given string is a valid .
Reference: < ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
Candidate: < ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
Reference: formats this time using the specified formatter . < p > this time will be passed to the formatter to produce a string .
Candidate: formats this year - month - day using the specified formatter . < p > this year - month date will be passed in the formatter .
Reference: initialisation of a local map that handles each source code line , keyed by the line number
Candidate: initialisation handles the initialisation line of handles line from keyed by the given line .
Reference: version 1 : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - | key | value | - - - - - -
Candidate: - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Reference: return the left singular vectors
Candidate: returns a deep of this edge .
Reference: override this if the should_not_contain_same_error_codes_for_different_instances_that_are_not_wrappers test is failing and you * really * want to allow one or more of your error codes to have duplicate apierrors that are not
Candidate: override this method that should_not_contain_same_error_codes_for_different_instances_that_are_not_wrappers
Reference: indicates whether the field of a target object is visited
Candidate: check if the field is visited .
Reference: removes a download from the completed list .
Candidate: removes a download from the pending list .
Reference: modifies the main query by adding a new optional query consisting of shingled phrase queries across the specified clauses using the specified field = & gt ; boost mappings .
Candidate: modifies the specified query consisting of shingled phrase queries across the specified query .
Reference: return an id conformant to xml id
Candidate: creates an empty statement for the given .
Reference: update fields from connection
Candidate: records local table on
Reference: creates a new snapshot , which is assumed not to exist already .
Candidate: creates a new state of the current thread .
Reference: persists logfile in database .
Candidate: loads a new connection with a new connection .
Reference: merges two bunches of the properties from current and new configurations .
Candidate: sets the list of the the for each setting the same as a string .
Reference: we only want the current page that is being shown to be focusable .
Candidate: we only want the current page that is being shown to be focusable .
Reference: delete the preferred language of a existing user
Candidate: deletes all photos of a existing user
Reference: called when media player is done preparing . time to start .
Candidate: sends a file to a file file .
Reference: if the token is a known parameter name , parses and initializes the token value .
Candidate: checks if the value of the delegationpermission to the .
Reference: creates a randomized list of urls for the given shard .
Candidate: build a list of a search state . < p / > the first creates a search state for each of a selected state .
Reference: skip a set amount of bytes .
Candidate: skip characters in the buffer .
Reference: adds another imagecontainer to the list of those interested in the results of the request .
Candidate: adds another imagecontainer to the list of those interested in the results of the request .
Reference: sends this packet to all the players in the world within the radius
Candidate: this method delegationpermission project from the internal state .
Reference: creates an ephemeral ecdh key pair for a supported group ( named curve ) .
Candidate: create a new worddelimiteriterator operating network .
Reference: we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
Candidate: we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
Reference: adds a value to a header . if the given header name is not currently set in the message , an entry is created with the given single value .
Candidate: parses the given string down to the given pattern .
Reference: algorithm as r94 appl . statist . ( 1995 ) vol . 44 , no . 4 < p > calculates shapiro - wilk normality test and p - value
Candidate: compute the length of the into the output . .
Reference: get the c + + code .
Candidate: returns a message instance .
Reference: recreates workspace table and migrates data to the new table .
Candidate: recreates workspace and migrates data to the new table .
Reference: executes a n1ql statement with named parameters .
Candidate: create the instance of the and the list of properties and the list of properties and the list of properties and bind them .
Reference: closes all open tags .
Candidate: closes the inputed number of tags .
Reference: receive notivication of a entityreference .
Candidate: receive notivication of a entityreference .
Reference: creates a table that is partitioned on ds and hr .
Candidate: create a file for a a named domain .
Reference: links node as last element , or returns false if full .
Candidate: links node as last element , or returns false if full .
Reference: draws a divider for the given child in the given bounds .
Candidate: draws the bounds of the given bounds .
Reference: constructs a formspec from the specified encoded description . the description will be parsed to set initial values .
Candidate: initializes the default values of the default values .
Reference: decode custom protobuf variable length array .
Candidate: decodes the input stream from the base64 stream stream .
Reference: draws the visual representation of a single data item . when using cyclic axis , do not draw a line from right to left when cycling as would a standard
Candidate: draws a line text for the data .
Reference: writes a little - endian int .
Candidate: writes a little - endian int .
Reference: writes an double field value .
Candidate: writes an double field value .
Reference: calculates which type of creature should be spawned next .
Candidate: finds the batch of the rows in the specified index .
Reference: check if backup related configurations conformed to rules , if not fail the property update .
Candidate: import all built -
Reference: deletes a given trait from an existing entity represented by a guid .
Candidate: validate a processor processor an object processor .
Reference: adds the given tables .
Candidate: initialize the collection of the collection .
Reference: replace placeholder in template
Candidate: writes a file to the output file .
Reference: returns all the text at the given url .
Candidate: gets the given string from the given string .
Reference: will clear the current classes and reload in another thread .
Candidate: returns true if the state is set .
Reference: searches the receiver ' s list starting at the first item ( index 0 ) until an item is found that is equal to the argument , and returns the
Candidate: add an item to the toolbar
Reference: adds an attribute to the fetch request .
Candidate: adds a certificate to a request .
Reference: outer callable submits tasks for execution .
Candidate: waits if the data is completed , in the the , upon the step is triggered in the separate task .
Reference: runs a full - import using the given dataconfig and the provided request parameters . by default , debug = on , clean = true and commit = true are
Candidate: this method is to handle the time , use to use to use to use
Reference: generate a random user id in the range provided
Candidate: finds the random number by the number
Reference: starts the underlying systemconsumer .
Candidate: wait service listener .
Reference: sets the flags according to the result of a binary and / or / xor operation .
Candidate: extends the value according to the set of flag .
Reference: returns true if the label is movable .
Candidate: shows the given graph the graph
Reference: write typelist item into current section .
Candidate: converts a to an to to a map to the type of the type .
Reference: load configuration from resource in current class loader .
Candidate: removes all the resource from the given resource resource .
Reference: close streams without pain
Candidate: closes the input stream input stream .
Reference: create new transaction using the local transaction manager
Candidate: creates the new content that creates the collapsed and creates it collapsed . creates a new item .
Reference: skips char any contiguous characters in skip . will also skip comments .
Candidate: skip characters within the specified file .
Reference: converts a package name to a path by replacing all ' . ' characters with the file . separatorchar character . is therefore platform independent .
Candidate: converts a independent version to a given platform directory .
Reference: returns whether this map contains the specified key .
Candidate: makes whether whether any specified key in whether any hash whether any system . whether any ( whether any hash key .
Reference: returns true if the given fragment is null or fragments are allowed .
Candidate: returns true if the given fragment is allowed or fragments .
Reference: increases the capacity of and internally reorganizes the hashtable , in order to accommodate and access its entries more efficiently . this method is called when the number of keys
Candidate: increases the capacity of the internally reorganizes the hashtable in order to accommodate and access its entries is more efficiently . this method is called when the number of keys
Reference: load pois from assets and save them in the database .
Candidate: loads all the row in the list of download .
Reference: creates the xml element for a colour value .
Candidate: creates a value for xml element .
Reference: checks if a tag has been marked done within a given scope a specific number of times .
Candidate: checks whether the specified tab belongs to the typical statement .
Reference: responds to the operator column in the edit conditional window
Candidate: this function will add the special type name to the edit conditional function . if the name is enabled , add the action function will be enabled as it turns
Reference: add a header with the name and value given . it will be appended to the header string .
Candidate: adds a line to the given .
Reference: this method checks if an entry for the provided information ( uri and buffer ) is stored in the redis database . when no entry was found in the database
Candidate: defines a default system .
Reference: returns whether a view is visible to layoutmanager or not .
Candidate: load the provided hidden key from the provided hidden .
Reference: writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream , removing prior exif tags .
Candidate: writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream , removing prior exif tags .
Reference: deletes a file or directory and all its content recursively .
Candidate: remove a file or directory .
Reference: returns true if the passed in jmenubar is above a horizontal jtoolbar .
Candidate: creates the projection projection .
Reference: construct a node in the result tree . this method is overloaded by xsl : attribute . at this class level , this method creates an element . if the
Candidate: construct an xsl tree in the tree tree . xsl : this method creates a node in the tree tree . the result tree in the tree tree .
Reference: create a priorityqueue from a word - > tf map .
Candidate: create a group with a create a destination .
Reference: creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
Candidate: creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
Reference: iterates through the given object stream object by object . the objectinputstream is closed afterwards .
Candidate: this method reads from an inputstream .
Reference: if run in the system mode , exits the program , in tool mode returns the status
Candidate: fills the random number of the and fill the contents of the and fills the for the list and fills the list of the remaining and fills them between the
Reference: computes the distance between two coordinates in meters .
Candidate: normalizes the angle of the degree angle of the 3d degree angle .
Reference: processes the ntlm challenge .
Candidate: processes the provided string to the provided action .
Reference: calculate a as done in round 2 .
Candidate: calculate g . g . g . g . g . g . g . g . g . g . g . g . g . g . g
Reference: push to queue record . costinglevel is not validated
Candidate: create a self - add multi - terminated cart .
Reference: adds the undo event .
Candidate: add the current to to to the current npc .
Reference: establish the local copy of the package meta data if needed
Candidate: restore the state of the restore restore , restore the state of the .
Reference: add the imagespan to the start of the text .
Candidate: add the imagespan to the start of the text .
Reference: validates a password using a hash .
Candidate: validates a password using a hash .
Reference: returns a list of currently running snapshots from repository sorted by snapshot creation date
Candidate: generates a variable - formatted variable to the internal list of a sorted case
Reference: add a certificate to the certificate set to be included with the generated signeddata message .
Candidate: add a certificate to the certificate set to be included with the generated signeddata message .
Reference: multiply a number by zero .
Candidate: multiply a number by a zero .
Reference: finds the begining of the zkm blurb , the end , then removed everything in between !
Candidate: this method is called when the parameter is clicked , which can be instantiated .
Reference: give selected tab blue color with a gradient ! ! . fixme : with plastic l & f the unselected background is too dark
Candidate: paint a colours to paint colours .
Reference: generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack .
Candidate: generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack .
Reference: build an automaton to represent the frontier query
Candidate: compare the term of the term term .
Reference: returns the range of values the renderer requires to display all the items from the specified dataset .
Candidate: returns the values of dataset from the dataset dataset . returns the dataset values from the dataset dataset .
Reference: stop the application and the server .
Candidate: return the for the web .
Reference: number of threads in this process ( since linux 2 . 6 ) . before kernel 2 . 6 , this field was hard coded to 0 as a placeholder
Candidate: ( since linux 3 . 5 ) address above which program address are placed in brk ( 2 ' s ) .
Reference: assigns a role to the user .
Candidate: removes a role that the user is assigned to the user .
Reference: creates a default threadpool , with default values : - keepalive set to 30 seconds - a default threadfactory - all events are accepted
Candidate: creates a default threadpool , with default values : - keepalive - threadfactory - all events are accepted
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: write the to the the
Reference: construct a x - www - form - urlencoded document containing the given sequence of name / value pairs . use oauth percent encoding ( not exactly the encoding mandated
Candidate: convenience method that creates a string structured as a string .
Reference: test where each operation locks only a single resource and there is only one resource to be locked so that all operations must be serialized .
Candidate: test where each operation locks only all single resource must be locked so where each must be serialized .
Reference: runs the next command scheduled to be executed immediately .
Candidate: mark the current action to the current thread .
Reference: closes all connected clients sockets , then closes the underlying serversocketchannel , effectively killing the server socket selectorthread , freeing the port the server was bound to and stops all
Candidate: closes all connected clients sockets , effectively closes the server serversocketchannel , effectively killing the socket selectorthread , freeing all port .
Reference: load xml document from xml file
Candidate: loads a xml from the xml file .
Reference: java . math . bigdecimal # divide ( java . math . bigdecimal , java . math . roundingmode ) divide ( bigdecimal , roundingmode )
Candidate: java . math . bigdecimal # divide ( java . math . bigdecimal , java . math . roundingmode ) divide ( bigdecimal , roundingmode )
Reference: remove an string at index
Candidate: remove an string at index
Reference: copies this string replacing occurrences of the specified character with another character .
Candidate: copies this string replacing occurrences of the specified character .
Reference: implements the same behaviour as the " touch " utility on unix . it creates a new file with size 0 or , if the file exists already , it
Candidate: implements the same behaviour as " touch " unix unix , it creates a new file with the the size file .
Reference: wrapscallback ( ) is an easymock argument predicate . wrapscallback ( c ) matches a callback if calling that callback causes c to be called . in other words ,
Candidate: wrapscallback ( c ) method is called easymock an easymock predicate . wrapscallback ( c ) is called ) . wrapscallback ) .
Reference: the editing cell should be selected or not
Candidate: should not be selected or editing
Reference: prepares an attribute or assertion value as per stringprep algorithm defined in rfc 4518 .
Candidate: decodes a delimited string delimited number of these these these these these these these these these these these these these these these these these these these these these these these
Reference: add zero to zero
Candidate: max ( biginteger val ) .
Reference: add a class annotation for the classnode .
Candidate: add a class to
Reference: throws an exception if the format is not syntactically valid .
Candidate: adds the specified char symbols and the the < p > the the input and the the the the the the default line is the specified of the specified char
Reference: parse the uppercase mapping attribute for a unicode character . if there is a uppercase mapping attribute and the parse succeeds , then the hasuppermap field is set to true
Candidate: converts value to value
Reference: block on the queue until an entry is been cleaned by the gc
Candidate: accept an processing accept from the graph . < p > pass the processing has been metrics .
Reference: compresses the given number of files , each of the given size , into a . zip archive .
Candidate: compresses the number of files into the given size of archive , , , , , , , .
Reference: ensures that a string for a playlist is valid , checking if it is empty , or another playlist has the same name .
Candidate: returns whether the not include or not include or not include or not include or not include or not include or not include or not include false otherwise not not
Reference: uses packinhandler to update ad .
Candidate: load through the file tag .
Reference: a record is added to a table , or removed from a table .
Candidate: inserts a change listener into a change listener .
Reference: a method to construct a default digest method type with a default hashalgorithm
Candidate: method a default method to construct default a default method a default method to construct default a default method to construct default a default method to default method to default
Reference: creates a subset of sampled vertices .
Candidate: creates a subset vertices in a subset of detected vertices in the same information .
Reference: instantiates a new gremlintransactionmanager with the given gremlingraphfactory .
Candidate: creates a new daytimecondition scrolled purposes .
Reference: move coords of all inputs and outputs of this meta bean to the coords of the supplied beaninstance . typically the supplied beaninstance is the beaninstance that encapsulates this meta
Candidate: to to the the bounds to to the the bounds to the the bounds to the the bounds to the the bounds to to the the bounds to to the
Reference: queries reference database for all wifis in specified range around map centre .
Candidate: works one of buttons from the points .
Reference: returns true if the underlying dependencies have changed .
Candidate: compiles all paths for each tree .
Reference: a method to be called when some text was deleted from a text node , so that live objects can be notified .
Candidate: add a new live to the given node . this can be notified when the given work can be called after gg -
Reference: clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above
Candidate: clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above
Reference: do not construct directly .
Candidate: init all init / create windows .
Reference: creates a new producer object .
Candidate: sends the topic topic to the topic topic .
Reference: animate opening a tab in the foreground .
Candidate: animate opening a tab to the tab .
Reference: returns true if the function to check is allowed .
Candidate: checks whether the given type is assignable from the given bean .
Reference: load org access user
Candidate: add to to
Reference: closes the disk cache associated with this imagecache object . note that this includes disk access so this should not be executed on the main / ui thread .
Candidate: closes the disk cache associated with this imagecache object . note that this includes disk access so this should not be executed on the main / ui thread .
Reference: using the exportmask object , create a volume uri to hlu map . for scaleio , there isn ' t any hlu required
Candidate: create a map handler to the exportmask map for ceph hlu is not applicable .
Reference: closes the underlying socket .
Candidate: deletes the underlying the underlying exception . the underlying exception .
Reference: calculates maximum of each coordinate .
Candidate: get the size of the given component .
Reference: gets the output and error streams from a process and reads them to keep the process from blocking due to a full output buffer . the processed stream data is
Candidate: gets the output data from the output stream due to the output stream .
Reference: clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above
Candidate: clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table attach_todo
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table user_roles
Reference: adds list of arguments in command line .
Candidate: adds the command line arguments to line arguments .
Reference: returns matching node or null if none . tries to search using tree comparisons from root , but continues linear search when lock not available .
Candidate: tries to search if any search node using its lock node using its lock node . if any search search lock is logically search , but continues linear search if
Reference: draws the axis on a java 2d graphics device ( such as the screen or a printer ) .
Candidate: draws a device on the axis axis a axis axis on the axis axis axis the axis axis .
Reference: read contents of fetchlist .
Candidate: handles a " integer " .
Reference: sets up this animatorset to play all of the supplied animations at the same time .
Candidate: sets up this animatorset to play all of the supplied animations at the same time .
Reference: creates a random colour .
Candidate: ensures that the color blob exists .
Reference: given a category string that may be prepended with " fixable - " , return the category enum that corresponds with the category and whether or not it is a
Candidate: convert an external around the given address .
Reference: this only exists as the tests need to call this through the deprecated method too .
Candidate: validate the test for the tests and supporting test = .
Reference: read a sptk lf0 file with external settings
Candidate: create the error with the the
Reference: aborts the call . this method will cleanup the resources and removes the listener , if one was registered ,
Candidate: stop the next stopped , stopped shuts stopped shuts stopped shuts stopped shuts stopped shuts stopped shuts stopped shuts stopped shuts stopped shuts stopped shuts stopped shuts stopped shuts stopped
Reference: adds a csp state listener to the solution strategy .
Candidate: adds a listener to the handed the chatservice solely for a diagnostic purposes .
Reference: prints the provided string on the provided stream .
Candidate: shows the message with the passed in the message in the message in the message in the message in the message in the message in the message in the message
Reference: remove a range of mappings as a batch .
Candidate: removes a range of mappings from the batch .
Reference: check the nullability of the column definitions for the resultset matches the expected values .
Candidate: check the nullability of column definitions for the resultset matches the resultset .
Reference: compute the bounding boxes of all contours ( if they haven ' t already been computed ) . bounding boxes are used to compute several different properties , so it
Candidate: create a new undoevent on the hg version of consecutive device . note that n1 are modified modified to the next modified modified modified . modified , modified and modified
Reference: adds the specified timeline .
Candidate: make an over pad an input array , make makes closed over pad the pad bytes , make makes an array over the pad input over the pad input over
Reference: load data into local m_data
Candidate: returns true if the next is is realizing the httpservletrequest interface .
Reference: paints the text area .
Candidate: paints the text area .
Reference: produces an arraylist for an array of elements where the list is pre - sized with extra capacity . the extra capacity does not change the size of the list
Candidate: returns a list of elements in the array array .
Reference: sends a clusterevent to all registered listeners
Candidate: monitor support events monitor support support events monitor . note that support events support that support it support if support all supported items are supported continue .
Reference: update data for a key or set of keys
Candidate: run a run run run run run run run run run run run run run for run run .
Reference: load the extensionstablemodel with x . 509 extensions .
Candidate: a method to the the existing data from the to the existing in the existing directory .
Reference: deletes all existing addresses of the a existing user
Candidate: deletes all photos of a existing user
Reference: writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist .
Candidate: writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist .
Reference: set the limit of this statement . using a negative value removes the limit .
Candidate: limit the limit limit for the given limit .
Reference: test if a file exists or not
Candidate: checks if a file is exists .
Reference: write the bytes to byte array .
Candidate: write bytes to byte array .
Reference: skips characters . this will not ' skip ' past the end of the document .
Candidate: skips the number of bytes in this buffer .
Reference: implement all methods along with their respective name & class .
Candidate: we have tracks have been added against the same address context . todo : we allows we need to generate fast before we need to generate fast before we need
Reference: cleans up the filename from illegal characters and truncates it to the length of bytes specified .
Candidate: test if a url have a been made . < p / > note that we have a fully have been since the reads a url in this implementation
Reference: copy a url to a file .
Candidate: copies the contents from the given inputstream .
Reference: here we bound the deltas such that the frame cannot be stretched beyond the extents of the celllayout , and such that the frame ' s borders can ' t
Candidate: here that the frame deltas such that we can be stretched beyond the extents of the celllayout such that the frame ' s borders can ' t
Reference: creates a new named authentication configuration object . this object will be used by the various objects for authentication .
Candidate: assigns a metrics entity .
Reference: util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
Candidate: util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
Reference: remove trailing or leading whitespace from the annotation .
Candidate: remove the trailing whitespace from the annotation annotation .
Reference: returns the tip text for this property
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property
Reference: creates a writable subraster given a region of the raster . the x and y coordinates specify the horizontal and vertical offsets from the upper - left corner of this
Candidate: creates a writable subraster given a region of the raster . the x - y coordinates specify the horizontal and vertical offsets from the upper - left corner of the
Reference: send all local - buffered data to server .
Candidate: emit if we it buffer is our buffer buffer . it is full buffer .
Reference: ensure the internal array ' s capacity .
Candidate: ensure the internal ' s capacity .
Reference: calls an event with the given details . < p > this method only synchronizes when the event is not asynchronous .
Candidate: this method define what at least one class to define a class at what " position " .
Reference: returns the best configuration of a particular resource given a set of multiple configurations of the same resource .
Candidate: find the entire path of the given directory path .
Reference: compares the two strings .
Candidate: execute two rows in order .
Reference: execute shell commands , default return result msg
Candidate: execute shell commands , default return result msg
Reference: populates a ( segmented ) blob using the fill_binary_blob stored procedure
Candidate: validates the content of the heading .
Reference: unregisters a local file from being observed for changes .
Candidate: unregisters a local file from being observed for changes .
Reference: makes the object immutable
Candidate: makes the object immutable .
Reference: appending the is null operator clause .
Candidate: appending the ' s the clause .
Reference: remove all mappings from this cache .
Candidate: removes all associations from this map .
Reference: update the favorite ui state
Candidate: sets a set of variables to a set group , if the set is set to the set set , if the set is set to the set set ,
Reference: appends all of the elements in the specified collection that are not already contained in this list , to the end of this list , in the order that they
Candidate: appends all of the elements that they are contained in the order they are already in the they they are already in the they they are already in the they
Reference: saves the analysis of all data recorded in this analyzer to the specified file .
Candidate: saves the recorded in the analyzer .
Reference: returns an iterator over the stored dependencies
Candidate: checks that the given collection
Reference: posts notification about new sms ticket .
Candidate: creates a main instance
Reference: helper method to ( more ) efficiently parse integer numbers from string values .
Candidate: parse a string from the given string .
Reference: creates a new header from a buffer . the name of the header will be parsed immediately , the value only if it is accessed .
Candidate: creates a new field to the given buffer .
Reference: returns a buffer to the pool , throwing away old buffers if the pool would exceed its allotted size .
Candidate: returns a buffer to the pool , throwing away old buffers if the pool would exceed its allotted size .
Reference: makes a date string in the given from a date
Candidate: format a date string to the given date string .
Reference: execute a bq request with exponential backoff and return the result .
Candidate: runs the specified object .
Reference: confirms that the omaha server sent back an " ok " code .
Candidate: sends the request to the server .
Reference: adds a new resource source . might be used by plugins etc .
Candidate: adds a hit gravity to a list of .
Reference: commit all changes made in the dialog to the model .
Candidate: commits changes performed .
Reference: if p_from_point is already on a target item , a connection to the target is made and true returned .
Candidate: init if there is no more incoming conversion .
Reference: handles generic motion events
Candidate: returns true if the client has a to the client .
Reference: add " onclass c " information , and tell c to point back here .
Candidate: add a class class
Reference: initiates cell editing on the specified element . the column that is edited is specified by property name .
Candidate: delegates to parse the node structure , and delegates to the end of the scroll .
Reference: create a point which encodes with point compression .
Candidate: encodes a point with compression .
Reference: serializes a xml document into a string - encoded in utf8 format , with platform line separators .
Candidate: serializes a string line with the specified separators in utf8 platform encoded document .
Reference: adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in
Candidate: adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in
Reference: there are two reasons why we don ' t use buffer per window when vista ' s dwm ( aka aero ) is enabled : - since with dwm all
Candidate: returns true if the given diskname has been loaded .
Reference: return the area of triangle abc . the method used is about twice as expensive as girard ' s formula , but it is numerically stable for both large and
Candidate: return the area of the triangle twice . the formula of twice twice twice twice twice twice twice twice twice twice twice twice twice twice twice twice twice twice twice
Reference: nonsymmetric reduction from hessenberg to real schur form .
Candidate: nonsymmetric reduction from hessenberg to the schur form . . < p / > this is derived from the algol procedure hqr2 , martin , wilkinson , handbook
Reference: two transactions read a value and replace it
Candidate: asserts the transactions and the transactions and the transactions .
Reference: casts a list to array object remove empty elements
Candidate: casts a list to a list of array .
Reference: clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above
Candidate: clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above
Reference: searches the specified collection for the minimum element .
Candidate: searches the specified collection for the specified element collection . the specified collection is specified collection of the specified collection . collection collection is specified collection . collection collection is
Reference: create an external / configured server
Candidate: this method heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat
Reference: tostring contains tostrings of elements
Candidate: contains tostrings elements contains contains
Reference: the entity spends the rest of its turn finding a club
Candidate: gets the blocking text of the title .
Reference: from a rwstore , creates multiple allocationcontexts to isolate updates , re - allocate storage and protect against by concurrent contexts . this is the core functionality required to support
Candidate: reallocates the random number and read handling several bytes .
Reference: create a new pdfxref , given a sequence of bytes representing the fixed - width cross reference table line
Candidate: constructs a new jarinfotablemodel .
Reference: create a string array of host addresses from a collection of inetaddresses
Candidate: returns an address separated of addresses of the addresses of addresses of the addresses of addresses of the addresses of addresses of the addresses of the addresses of the addresses
Reference: display the authenticated pilot ' s profile
Candidate: display the authenticated pilot ' s profile
Reference: creates a new instance of smoothanimation
Candidate: complete down the timer timer timer by the timer timer complete timer . complete timer timer . complete timer timer timer timer timer timer timer timer timer timer timer timer
Reference: updates product price . the product and price list are obtained from the product bean . the latest price list version is used .
Candidate: method to check that we can be called in the current state .
Reference: check that the dependencies are satisfied .
Candidate: this the given topic by the given ratingcolor topic .
Reference: clearbit ( int n ) inside a positive number
Candidate: clearbit ( int n ) inside a positive number
Reference: deserialize funnel steps . have to deserialize the null separated list .
Candidate: clears the list of objects .
Reference: appends a parameter type to the parameter list represented by the given descriptor . the appended parameter becomes the last parameter .
Candidate: returns the string representing the given type of the given descriptor .
Reference: add a catch - clause to the end of the list , and sets its parent to this node .
Candidate: sets a node to this node , and sets its parent to be set to another , else sets its they they they they they they they they they they
Reference: stream an array of bytes to the browser this method will close the servletoutputstream when finished
Candidate: this method decodes an image from the stream .
Reference: unlocks the given lock on the key
Candidate: unlocks the given key to the puts the given key .
Reference: returns a slice of orders
Candidate: sorts the order from the specified order .
Reference: try to reach a schema agreement among all the reachable nodes
Candidate: check if the current of the received from the .
Reference: removes all of the elements from enclosed list .
Candidate: removes all the elements from the set .
Reference: create a tile store with a specific sprite store .
Candidate: constructs a new representation of the given root representation .
Reference: returns a comparable value for a qualifier . < p / > this method both takes into account the ordering of known qualifiers as well as lexical ordering for unknown
Candidate: returns a comparable value for a qualifier . < p / > this method takes a account ordering qualifiers then unknown qualifiers with lexical ordering .
Reference: returns true if this objects chainwork is higher than the others .
Candidate: compares true if the other chainwork belongs to the underlying model .
Reference: evaluate js script ( function or statement )
Candidate: evaluate js or js js statement js js js js js js js js js js js js js js js js js js js js js js js js
Reference: parses the next token from the stream , and generates a syntax error if the token does not equal the specified character . expands references to system properties if the
Candidate: writes the input token .
Reference: determine whether the given url points to a resource in a jar file , that is , has protocol " jar " , " zip " , " vfszip "
Candidate: determines if the given file represents a protocol file .
Reference: indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one .
Candidate: checks whether the two are equal to the same .
Reference: applysettimestamp adds to the batch the query used to change the server timestamp , if needed and if possible ( if the database support such a feature )
Candidate: applysettimestamp adds the batch to the batch to the batch ( batch to the database . if it is needed to if the batch is not possible ) to the
Reference: adds a forward reference to this label . this method must be called only for a true forward reference , i . e . only if this label is not
Candidate: adds a forward reference to this label . this method must be called only for a true forward reference , i . e . only if this label is not
Reference: creates an accessor for the given class .
Candidate: update an object to the class class .
Reference: parses the given list of xml messages into a list of mqtt message objects .
Candidate: returns the given list of given given given given given given given given given given given given given given given given given given given given given given given given given
Reference: ends the bandwidth measurement .
Candidate: stops the timer of the listening to sleep .
Reference: this method will be used to add new row
Candidate: add the given private file given .
Reference: decode the base 64 encoded string data - whitespace will be ignored .
Candidate: decode the base 64 encoded input data . whitespace will be ignored .
Reference: skip over all frames below currfp with saved code pointers outside of heap ( c frames ) , stopping at the native frame immediately preceding the glue frame which contains
Candidate: this function to convert an address from the given address .
Reference: schemewalk is called by path for a scheme lookup like file : / tmp / foo
Candidate: schemewalk is called by a path scheme / lookup path like a file . tmp . tmp . tmp . tmp . tmp . tmp . tmp . tmp .
Reference: checks whether the mime type represents an image media item .
Candidate: checks if the given type is a drm media type .
Reference: messagedialog with custom center node
Candidate: instantiates a new argument with the given argument . .
Reference: measure item size in kilobytes rather than units which is more practical for a bitmap cache
Candidate: measure item size in kilobytes rather than units which is more practical for a bitmap cache
Reference: returns a new matrix object , where each value is set to the absolute value
Candidate: evaluates the matrix from the given matrix .
Reference: remove the attribute from the entry .
Candidate: removes the attribute value from the given .
Reference: wraps encodecameratompeg ( ) . this is necessary because surfacetexture will try to use the looper in the current thread if one exists , and the cts tests create one
Candidate: update the background of the rectangle .
Reference: parses an exception debugger option .
Candidate: create a can be a can be a can be can be can be can be can be can be can be can be can be can be can be
Reference: rotates the given image by 180 degrees
Candidate: rotates the image by 90 degrees while changing the ratio of the picture
Reference: update founding mode related fields
Candidate: subtract dynamic collapsed variables from the parent changes . parent in the parent form is synchronized calculated and various changes .
Reference: sets name and attributes
Candidate: sets name name name
Reference: display calendar for selected resource , time ( day / week / month ) and date
Candidate: add elements to
Reference: creates a linestring using the given coordinatesequence . a null or empty coordinatesequence creates an empty linestring .
Candidate: creates a new builder representing one resource
Reference: trims an array to be exactly the target a size .
Candidate: trims an array of a exactly the target size .
Reference: closes this strategy and releases any zookeeper resources ; but keeps the zookeeper instance open
Candidate: closes the input stream . this method needs to be opened .
Reference: returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection via the named event
Candidate: returns true if this , at the time , the object will accept a connection via the named event
Reference: subtract the specified number of droidflakes . we just take them off the end of the list , leaving the others unchanged .
Candidate: updates the number of the specified number of indices .
Reference: process an array of bytes , producing output if necessary .
Candidate: process an array of bytes , producing output if necessary .
Reference: returns true if service type requires resource name .
Candidate: returns true if policy name require service require resource .
Reference: strip the properties filenames supplied , replacing their contents .
Candidate: this method for cleaning the line of line .
Reference: macro : add : parses s , adds v u , fmts
Candidate: macro : round , v , rounds , rounds , rounds , u , rounds , rounds , rounds , , u , fmts
Reference: create an authoritykeyidentifier using the passed in certificate ' s public key , issuer and serial number .
Candidate: create a authoritykeyidentifier using the given protocol .
Reference: opens the specified jar file and returns a valid handle .
Candidate: do file file file file file do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
Reference: removes all email ' s from this user
Candidate: clear the list of highlight .
Reference: initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory . creates the root directory if necessary .
Candidate: initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory . creates the root directory if necessary .
Reference: the graphical representation of a path .
Candidate: the graphical representation of a path .
Reference: javax . net . ssl . sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer src , bytebuffer [ ] dsts , int offset , int length ) exception case : indexoutofboundsexception should be
Candidate: javax . net . ssl . sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer src , bytebuffer [ ] dsts , int offset , int exception , case , indexoutofboundsexception should be be
Reference: constructs a logger object
Candidate: creates a new instance manager .
Reference: determines if a character is a letter . synonym for ' character . isletter ( this ) ' .
Candidate: determines if the given represents a lowercase character . synonym for a character .
Reference: call the visitors for the function arguments .
Candidate: call the visitors for the arguments .
Reference: creates a link with the given uri and label text .
Candidate: returns a string uri for " / base " .
Reference: checks if the token is a runtime expression . in standard jsp syntax , a runtime expression starts with ' < % ' and ends with ' % > '
Candidate: method to check if suspense flag .
Reference: destroys a treehash instance after the top node was taken for authentication path .
Candidate: closes the window of the window .
Reference: creates a uri from a file . the uri has the form " file : / / < absolute path > " . encodes path characters with the exception of
Candidate: creates a new path from the provided path .
Reference: reads fixed type from the given reader with flags validation .
Candidate: handles through the data object to the other object .
Reference: processes a request to play a media file .
Candidate: processes a request to play a media file .
Reference: performs a binary search for the specified element in the specified sorted list using the specified comparator . the list needs to be already sorted according to the comparator passed
Candidate: performs the binary search of the specified element to the list of the specified sorted list using the specified sorted list .
Reference: finish the xml document .
Candidate: finish the xml document into the xml stream . the xml document , without an xml document , the xml document .
Reference: check which elements are valid to appear at this point . this method also works if the state is in error , in which case it returns what should have
Candidate: build the vector of the coords .
Reference: we do not use any locks here as every remove is for a regionentry which is locked before coming here . no two threads can be entering in this method
Candidate: removes any existing object from this object object .
Reference: creates cache hashing with provided algorithm .
Candidate: constructs an md5 email provider algorithm .
Reference: marshall an enum value .
Candidate: verifies that the values ' s property in the applications bind serialization values .
Reference: cholesky algorithm for symmetric and positive definite matrix .
Candidate: cholesky positive definite matrix for positive definite and positive definite positive definite values . positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive
Reference: initializes key and action event of game . < br > also defines player controls .
Candidate: close the real error .
Reference: indicates whether a midi file of the file type specified can be written from the sequence indicated .
Candidate: indicates whether the midi file sequence of the indicated file sequence of the file type indicated to be written to the indicated file .
Reference: computes the window naf ( non - adjacent form ) of an integer .
Candidate: computes the window naf ( adjacent form ) of an integer form .
Reference: given a collection name and a flag ( reverse of forward mapping ) , return the new collection name based on the mapping
Candidate: collects the specified parameters in the specified collection .
Reference: locks to prevent both puts and takes .
Candidate: locks to prevent both puts and takes .
Reference: fills vector with random integer values in the range [ min , max )
Candidate: fills the random double values in the range .
Reference: this method will be used to get the hascode , this will be used to the index for inserting arraywrapper object as a key in map
Candidate: this method will be the hash hascode , this will be used to the same hashcode .
Reference: returns this image animator thread back to service as an imagefetcher if possible . puts it back into the array of imagefetchers and sets the thread name back to "
Candidate: this method to add the gcm to to the database .
Reference: compare the given name with the package name in case indipendent way
Candidate: checks whether we can lowercase . lowercase .
Reference: draws the range markers ( if any ) for a renderer and layer . this method is typically called from within the draw ( ) method .
Candidate: draws the domain markers from the layer ( ) method .
Reference: decrypt key ( does not use salting , so the encryption result is the same for the same input )
Candidate: decrypt key ( does not use salting , so the encryption result is the same for the same input
Reference: construct a vpf layer .
Candidate: initializes an empty layer shape .
Reference: creates the new instructions , inlining each instantiation of each subroutine until the code is fully elaborated .
Candidate: creates the new instructions , inlining each instantiation of each subroutine until the code is fully elaborated .
Reference: determines if a connection should be closed upon return to the pool .
Candidate: attempt to create a platform thread .
Reference: getter for hsl components .
Candidate: set the set of the input stream .
Reference: shutdown all attached resources synchronously
Candidate: sets the flow operation .
Reference: indicates whether this pool is unused . a pool is unused if there is neither an entry nor a waiting thread . all entries count , not only the free
Candidate: indicates whether an entry is unused pool is unused pool is unused pool . all unused pool entries are unused pool is unused nor . note that this is not
Reference: this method changes the current working directory .
Candidate: this the contents of the directory directory directory . the directory directory directory directory directory .
Reference: remove quotes from the given column name .
Candidate: creates a backslash query column .
Reference: if enabled , checks whether the time that has passed since the scroll position was last changed is greater than the defined timeout .
Candidate: returns true if the specified thread was available .
Reference: refills the input buffer .
Candidate: refills the input buffer .
Reference: searches through the index for the specified query and returns the list of documents that finds a match for the query .
Candidate: find out the list of the facets that match the current entry .
Reference: writes the tail of the list to the stream .
Candidate: writes the tail of the file .
Reference: return a list of element objects that have the given name and are immediate children of the given element ; if name is null , all child elements will be
Candidate: return the list of element objects that are immediate children of the given element that are children of the given element .
Reference: returns a required number of random bytes . < br > the method overrides " enginegenerateseed ( int ) " in class securerandomspi . < br >
Candidate: returns the random number of bytes . < br > < br > < br > < br > < br > < br > < br > < br
Reference: returns the tip text for this property
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property
Reference: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Candidate: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Reference: get all cube jobs
Candidate: this method to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to the the thread to to to to to to to to
Reference: encodes a polynomial whose coefficients are between 0 and q , to binary . q must be a power of 2 .
Candidate: a a new .
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table company_application
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table user_roles
Reference: it opens a file input stream
Candidate: method to read the output stream as it
Reference: adds a new status change listener to the list of listeners .
Candidate: called when when called when this when the sync are called during start . sync . .
Reference: static function returning the serialsensormanager instance to use .
Candidate: use the function estimate to use the serialsensormanager function to use to use use use use use .
Reference: tests fail : always returns false . exceptions and tests non numeric fields fail , failing statements commented out . feature only partially implemented . may be an optional feature
Candidate: tests fail : always returns false exceptions . failing statements commented out . feature only partially implemented optional feature .
Reference: a ' streamless ' version of encode that simply takes a buffer of bytes and returns a string containing the encoded buffer .
Candidate: 316 * ' streamless ' version of encode that simply takes a buffer of 317 * bytes and returns a string containing the encoded buffer . 318
Reference: checks a stack frame value .
Candidate: checks a stack frame value .
Reference: java . util . date # date ( int , int , int , int , int )
Candidate: java . util . date # int , int , int , int , int , int , int , int , int , int , int , int ,
Reference: used to find and push in - bound and out - bound routes using staticflowentrypusher
Candidate: this method to add the text to to the given text .
Reference: returns the id from a same - document uri ( ex : " # id " )
Candidate: find the id of id , removing unwanted leading / trailing # id , or if any passed id .
Reference: mark the space as in use .
Candidate: blocks until the position is in block position in the mode .
Reference: cholesky algorithm for symmetric and positive definite matrix .
Candidate: insert the x - 1 values into a text [ ] , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 ,
Reference: read a string from memory . the string ends when the maximal length is reached or a ' \ 0 ' byte is found . the memory bytes are interpreted
Candidate: create total total total input total input . total total input total input total input total input total input total input total input total input total input total input total
Reference: shifts right an array of integers . total shift distance in bits is intcount * 32 + count .
Candidate: shifts an array of integers in total shift distance . total of integers . shift is intcount * 32 + count .
Reference: distinct aggregate function which update the distinct set
Candidate: distinct aggregate function which update the distinct set
Reference: this method will remove a legion member
Candidate: loads the jar list jar list and jar list
Reference: prints the characters from the buffer and resets it todo : make sure that printbuffer ( ) is called at the end of the stream in case we have some
Candidate: reads the contents of the char buffer .
Reference: parse a string value to a calendar
Candidate: parse a string value to a calendar
Reference: returns true if some method in this class has an active baf body .
Candidate: returns true if the result is in this mixer .
Reference: removes all characters from ' str ' that are not in ' retainchars ' . example : retainallchars ( " hello , world ! " , " lo " )
Candidate: escapes special characters in the charseq .
Reference: close and delete an old , unused connection to make room for a new one .
Candidate: deletes all the connections and the the connections .
Reference: find the index of the element that is larger than x .
Candidate: find the index of the binary search .
Reference: removes all routes without any departure from the schedule . removes all lines without any route from the schedule . removes all stops not referenced by any line from the
Candidate: create the antenna dialog reconciler height . height height height height height height height height height height height height height height height height height height height height height height height
Reference: test whether two relation agree .
Candidate: test whether two relation agree .
Reference: standard suffix removal . search for the longest among the following suffixes , and perform the following actions :
Candidate: verb method for longest the longest the longest
Reference: returns the text matched by the current regular expression .
Candidate: returns the text matched by the current regular expression .
Reference: take a list of patches and return a textual representation .
Candidate: take a list of patches and return a textual representation .
Reference: leave precedence level . emit a ` ( ' if inner precedence level is less than precedence level we revert to .
Candidate: close the given stream .
Reference: this method validates the sort size
Candidate: this method validates the sort size
Reference: called to indicate that painting is finished . we create a new bufferedimage from the offscreen buffer , ( optionally ) cache it , and paint it .
Candidate: creates a mode icon , to join icon , or null , if the specified mode represents a join mode , or null , or null , or null ,
Reference: invoked by deletepanel menu item validate user intent before deleting
Candidate: return true if all pointers variables are allowed from ctl .
Reference: perform an asynchronous average operation
Candidate: perform an asynchronous average operation
Reference: returns the next token . the token will be both prefixed and suffixed by the delimiter that is currently being used ( or a string that matches the delimiter pattern
Candidate: rounds the next element to the next element .
Reference: creates a implementation of domtestdocumentbuilderfactory using org . apache . html . dom . htmlbuilder
Candidate: creates a dom implementation of domtestdocumentbuilderfactory using org . apache . html . htmlbuilder
Reference: obtains a description of this route .
Candidate: obtains a description of this route .
Reference: pushes a new type onto the output frame stack .
Candidate: pushes a new type onto the output frame stack .
Reference: loads a macro from a file on disk .
Candidate: load the data from the last data from a newly created from the last data .
Reference: delete the elasticsearch indices that was used for functional testing
Candidate: don ' t expect for the specified local objects .
Reference: adds partition to partition set .
Candidate: adds a new to the list of the .
Reference: terminate the fsync service and wait for all the tasks to complete . if it is already terminated
Candidate: wait for all complete tasks to the complete service . if it is already terminated
Reference: searchs for the farthest empty location where the current tile could go
Candidate: map the location location in the location location location location location and location .
Reference: computes minimal sample size for downscaling image so result image size won ' t exceed max acceptable opengl texture size . < br / > we can ' t create
Candidate: computes minimal sample size for downscaling image so result image size won ' t exceed max acceptable opengl texture size . < br / > we can ' t create
Reference: creates the main split pane . the main split pane divides the main window into project tree on the left side of the main window and the state - specific
Candidate: this method corrects instrumentation to the the conjunction of the in the ' s , which might be returned in the same area of the .
Reference: todo currently returns exactly the same chain . no cleaning or merging of activities that are close to one another .
Candidate: creates a crlclientonline instance chain into a chain chain ' s chain .
Reference: referenceable mechanism requires later setup of txmgr_ , otherwise binding into jndi already requires that tm is running .
Candidate: initialize the native by the native pool .
Reference: return true if making a move delivers check to the opponent
Candidate: perform a search .
Reference: creates a new specific fsdirectory instance
Candidate: create a new instance with the specified set .
Reference: add element to xml document .
Candidate: escapes the " element " in the " byte [ ] that can be " bar in the " effective tr " data .
Reference: read a string of up to maxlength bytes from an inputstream
Candidate: loads the given string from the given string = inputstream .
Reference: returns the remote and the " local " name of a remote branch . expects branch in format " origin / master " , i . e . remote /
Candidate: return the substring of the first substring of the substring of the first substring of the first substring of the first substring of the first substring of the first substring
Reference: see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 7
Candidate: see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 7
Reference: encrypts data received from the given outputstream using the aes algorithm .
Candidate: does the method does both and the the on the given .
Reference: pads the string with the given character until it has the given length . if original is longer than the given length , returns original .
Candidate: attempts to find the original buffer based on the given original buffer , so if the original device doesn ' t find on the original inputstream , so on the
Reference: checks whether we should select a view for swiping .
Candidate: checks whether we should select a view select swiping .
Reference: reset the state of front view when the it ' s recycled by listview
Candidate: plays the state of the the , when the the state of the the the state of the the state of the the state of the the state of the
Reference: push a pair of nodes into the stack . special purpose method for transformerimpl , pushelemtemplateelement . performance critical .
Candidate: push a pair of nodes into the stack . special purpose method for transformerimpl , pushelemtemplateelement . performance critical .
Reference: resets the iv to its original value . this is used when dofinal is called in the cipher class , so that the cipher can be reused ( with its
Candidate: resets the iv to its original value . this is used to dofinal is in the cipher , so that the cipher can be reused ( its original )
Reference: multiplies this matrix by a matrix that flips and shifts the y - axis . the vertical flip matrix maps y = 0 to y = 1 and y =
Candidate: compute a matrix of this x - 3 components . e . g . 3 . 3 . 3 . 3 . 3 . 3 . 3 . 3 .
Reference: shuts down the data source . if the session factory was created by this data source , will close it .
Candidate: binds a new udp udp new thread .
Reference: stringifies an ipv4 or v6 address with subnet mask .
Candidate: stringifies an ipv4 address v6 address . subnet mask .
Reference: creates a new action object .
Candidate: creates a graph graph for the graph .
Reference: convert hex string to byte [ ]
Candidate: convert hex characters to byte [ ] .
Reference: puts a string into the buffer by first writing the size of the string as an int , followed by the bytes of the string , padded if necessary to
Candidate: add a string to the specified string .
Reference: create permission for our trusted code . no restrictions are applied
Candidate: checks whether given permissions given collection
Reference: update one network with information from another
Candidate: gets the information for the class information .
Reference: temporary utility method to keep current println behavior .
Candidate: prints a integer line represented by default integer .
Reference: blocks until a chunk of the given size can be made from the stream , or eof is reached . calls read ( ) repeatedly in case the given stream
Candidate: blocks until the chunk of the given chunk stream made in the eof is reached .
Reference: user runs a query and aggregates facets by summing their association values .
Candidate: runs a query and return facets .
Reference: parse the raw text geonames file .
Candidate: loads a new image from a stream .
Reference: if at runtime , when the qname of the attribute is known , another prefix is specified for the attribute , then we can patch or hack the name with
Candidate: if the name of the attribute name is known to the attribute , at runtime , if the attribute name is known to the attribute , then we can the
Reference: creates a mojangson string from the given list tag .
Candidate: sets the digest string with the specified tag .
Reference: creates a new similar xml element . < p > you should override this method when subclassing xmlelement .
Candidate: create a new from from the directed input structure .
Reference: remove per partition counters and associated sensision metrics
Candidate: resets the input stream in the history .
Reference: return a new instance of vector rotated from the given number of radians .
Candidate: construct a model from a model model .
Reference: the method is part of the mqttsimplecallback interface < br > in the event of the mqtt connection being broken the led is set to colour amber and made to
Candidate: tests this method to for this method removes an entry in the format .
Reference: calculate the bounds for a view ' s title
Candidate: calculate the bounds for a view ' s title
Reference: returns the value of an already set output header .
Candidate: returns the and removes returns the corresponding map name .
Reference: parses queryparams and produces sparsefields map .
Candidate: creates a default map that uses a default key and a default map .
Reference: sign part of the xml document referered by the supplied a list of id attributes of nodes
Candidate: generates the encoded of the provided xml as having all signatures .
Reference: invoked when the target of the listener has changed its state .
Candidate: invoked when the target of its state has changed listener .
Reference: adds the url to the urlclassloader .
Candidate: adds the search url to the search url .
Reference: add points to the interval . regions outside the overall interval are ignored .
Candidate: add the clock to the clock .
Reference: resets som network to initial values .
Candidate: resets the state unmanagedvolume to render screen reset parser .
Reference: reloads the current page and jumps to the same position . this is only used for testing purposes , because usually the pages shouldn ' t change while the program
Candidate: make a line to a
Reference: draws a hexagon shape for the given parameters .
Candidate: draws the given parameters for the given parameters .
Reference: this is used to determine if a field is static . if a field is static it should not be considered as a default field . this ensures the default
Candidate: utility method to determine if the given field is a static method .
Reference: get the current number of outstanding ( batch ) requests to google pub / sub .
Candidate: returns the ongoing recoveries for a shard serves .
Reference: formats a key as a series of comma delimited unsigned bytes .
Candidate: returns a string representation of a digest .
Reference: initializes the logging for the component .
Candidate: this method initializes called when the plugin class and initialize this service information . this method will be called when this plugin class .
Reference: fills the list from pos to the left of the list view .
Candidate: returns the next view to the next element . < p > the mmotionposition or mmotionviewtop , or mmotionviewtop , or mmotionviewtop , or mmotionviewtop , or mmotionviewtop , or
Reference: removes the given value from the set of default values .
Candidate: adds a default value to the existing set .
Reference: returns the key code for the specified key binding description .
Candidate: internal the the by the key id .
Reference: replacing the value for a key doesn ' t cause an eviction but it does bring the replaced entry to the front of the queue .
Candidate: puts a string into a string .
Reference: generates a merged signature of this and another one , where the other signature must be a 1 - signature .
Candidate: compute the set based on the here based on the here based on the here based on the here based on the here based on the here based on the
Reference: returns a hash code for this object .
Candidate: returns the hashcode for this hash code .
Reference: creates new exception with given throwable as a nested cause and source of error message .
Candidate: creates new exception with given throwable as a cause and source of error message .
Reference: the given objects enters the transaction .
Candidate: returns true if there is a in this context .
Reference: adds an option instance
Candidate: add an option to the stored in the .
Reference: the joined event fires when the first client handshake is processed . this pauses long enough to allow the rest of the client sockets to complete handshaking before making the
Candidate: write the paused message or writing or until writing or was paused or
Reference: propertychangelistener method , to listen for the source map ' s background changes . act on if necessary .
Candidate: listen for the propertychangelistener method to listen on the map ' s background . if necessary .
Reference: add a frame to the transition animation .
Candidate: add a frame to the section .
Reference: scans the classpath for concrete classes under the specified package implementing this interface . non - instantiable abstract classes are filtered out .
Candidate: loads the class of class class class class class class class name , in class of class class class . class names class class class class class class class class
Reference: get the text in the cdata block .
Candidate: get the text in the cdata block .
Reference: determines if the block at the given position requires a skylight update .
Candidate: expand a row table .
Reference: expand a rectangle by the given amount .
Candidate: expand a rectangle by the given rectangle .
Reference: converts a given string into a datagram packet .
Candidate: converts a datagram packet to a datagram packet .
Reference: constructs and returns a string representation of this constraints object .
Candidate: write a string buffer to the buffer .
Reference: assigns the objects to the clusters .
Candidate: performs the next row of the . the query . .
Reference: do a probablistic subtree slide move .
Candidate: function to collect the line function .
Reference: indicates if the bean was initialized at least once . for optimization where one does not want to call loadkeys ( ) if a key is already loaded .
Candidate: gets the test storage reloads the the test storage .
Reference: unregisters a previously registered vm shutdown hook .
Candidate: unregisters a previously registered vm shutdown hook .
Reference: counts the number of black / white transitions between two points , using something like bresenham ' s algorithm .
Candidate: counts the number of black / white transitions between two points , using something like bresenham ' s algorithm .
Reference: returns the string representation of the current value .
Candidate: returns the string representation of the current value .
Reference: check if good camera sizes are available for encoder . must be used only before open camera .
Candidate: checks if the parameters is not connected to the . if the not empty .
Reference: construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
Candidate: construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
Reference: append string separated by space .
Candidate: appends the specified ` to the buffer .
Reference: encode string to base64
Candidate: convert a buffered image to the base64 encoded string .
Reference: return information about the lookup tables in this gsub table .
Candidate: can be unique so that we can be useful for you can be re need to initialize a new thread .
Reference: get aggregate summation of time - deltas , in nanoseconds .
Candidate: returns the number of the ongoing recoveries for a shard serves .
Reference: re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
Candidate: re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
Reference: takes a character sequence with a single character and checks if the character occurs in a list of word separators or is empty .
Candidate: returns true if the given string is valid .
Reference: execute the supplied operation using the primary , blocking until a primary is available . whenever the operation stops ( e . g . , if the primary is no
Candidate: waits for the operation operation .
Reference: write an array of characters .
Candidate: writes a characters of a stream .
Reference: creates the table for the repositories
Candidate: create a handle handle .
Reference: human readable text description of type and subtype
Candidate: creates a string for a string ' s class name for a string .
Reference: create a straight line from the current path point to the new one specified by x and y .
Candidate: create a straight line from the specified x and y .
Reference: this method determines which menu items get to be ' action items ' that will appear in an action bar and which items should be ' overflow items ' in
Candidate: this method will be the items in which action ' s action in which will appear in the action which pass items in which action will be in which action
Reference: checks basic missing value handling of the scheme . if the missing values cause an exception to be thrown by the scheme , this will be recorded .
Candidate: checks if missing the missing missing values . this will be missing an exception will be thrown by the scheme . recorded .
Reference: disables all buttons in the interface
Candidate: disable all data in the .
Reference: load artifact at path , using path name as artifactid
Candidate: load a custom animation artifact .
Reference: fair version of tryacquire . don ' t grant access unless recursive call or no waiters or is first .
Candidate: fair version of tryacquire . don ' t grant access unless recursive call is no waiters or first .
Reference: check if the current stringbuilder trailing characters is an http header end ( empty crlf ) .
Candidate: return true if we ends panes ends with the lowercase za - z0 - 9_ / sql version todo : lowercase / lowercase sql lowercase lowercase lowercase lowercase lowercase lowercase
Reference: returns an enumeration describing the available options < p >
Candidate: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Reference: a runnable that implements delayed execution of a transitsectionaction
Candidate: note : train if train is work autoactivetrain is work train with train with train with a manual throttle thread stops with a manual thread .
Reference: creates new daddextensions dialog .
Candidate: creates a new dialog . the parent dialog .
Reference: add point to the result set .
Candidate: add the given to to this call to add calls to the super .
Reference: check whether the specified class is a cglib - generated class .
Candidate: checks if the given class is realizing class .
Reference: verifies the dicovery information matches the data received in a authentication response from an openid provider .
Candidate: handle an exception message disabled in the message . the message is disabled in the authentication the client .
Reference: generate report using description and target date
Candidate: this method will handle the very advanced and return separately separately separately separately separately .
Reference: update the text views based on the recharge data being passed in .
Candidate: sets the content of the in the database .
Reference: gets transaction id map depending on transaction type .
Candidate: gets the list of clearing its jobs and its its clearing its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
Reference: stops the listener thread and unbinds the address .
Candidate: stops the thread listener . unbinds the thread address .
Reference: decode data with private key .
Candidate: decodes the binary data using the specified key .
Reference: derives the argb value for a color based on an offset between two other colors .
Candidate: derives an argb value based on the two color .
Reference: adds a landing pad to the station
Candidate: add the given data to the given .
Reference: create a new strategy .
Candidate: creates a new instance of a given string .
Reference: creates a default threadpool , with default values : - minimum pool size is 0 - maximum pool size is 16 - keepalive set to 30 seconds - a default
Candidate: creates a default threadpool , with default values : - keepalive size - threadfactory - all events accepted
Reference: add a property change listener
Candidate: add a property change listener
Reference: write a chunk onto the data service .
Candidate: creates the item at the given item . < p / > if there are at the cache
Reference: disabled for hosted mode .
Candidate: returns the event of event to the event of event .
Reference: initialize the values in the table to the preference values
Candidate: indicates for access the card options .
Reference: this method will read all the properties from file and load it into memory
Candidate: this method will read all properties from the file and load
Reference: copies new / updated notes from source to destination storage
Candidate: add a resource to a resource .
Reference: prints this property list out to the specified output stream . this method is useful for debugging .
Candidate: prints the list of the output stream into the output stream .
Reference: convert date in string format to date format
Candidate: convert date date format .
Reference: calculates md5 checksum for the given file o directory . for directories tries to walk all nested files accumulating the result .
Candidate: returns a file file a file file .
Reference: initialise the parameters generator .
Candidate: initialise the parameters generator .
Reference: method to check more result is present or not
Candidate: tests if there are no left - intersect .
Reference: trims the capacity of this list to be the list ' s current size .
Candidate: we only we we we we we we we we we we need to ensure that we we we we we we we we we we we we we we
Reference: enters a new scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket .
Candidate: enters a new scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket .
Reference: create an ascii representation of a position .
Candidate: create an ascii representation of an ascii .
Reference: clears the caches and sections data set
Candidate: clears all cached changes . this is be called in the cache .
Reference: converts an iterator to a set of nodes , according to the xpath data model .
Candidate: set a set of all nodes of a set of of a set of a set .
Reference: runs a task concurrently . allows to test thread - safe behavior .
Candidate: start the task in a task .
Reference: create the virtual machines and add them to the list
Candidate: instantiates the remote . .
Reference: adds a use count to a port , which indicates one initiator is using the port this is public static because the storageportsassignertest uses it .
Candidate: write a byte to a buffer .
Reference: pop the current executing attribute set .
Candidate: pop the attribute set .
Reference: creates one buffer for the camera preview callback . the size of the buffer is based off of the camera preview size and the format of the camera image .
Candidate: creates the buffer for the camera preview size and the size of the camera preview callback .
Reference: put element , key and value both not allowed to be null
Candidate: this method is called by a map to a map .
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table upload
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table user_roles
Reference: remove model change listener
Candidate: change model model
Reference: fire a change event to listeners .
Candidate: fire a change event change .
Reference: constructs a name for the connection using the connection type , host , and port .
Candidate: the the timer to the the timer .
Reference: executes a query on the queries inside the cld fusion enviroment
Candidate: start a end query
Reference: discovers ( refreshes ) a host . this is an asynchronous call .
Candidate: discovers the given affinity server from the given affinity / hosts .
Reference: the read fully method from data input stream is very useful for all types of streams . . .
Candidate: read the bytes of the input stream .
Reference: draw lines between the connectors
Candidate: clears the list of all highlighting .
Reference: adds a new astarnode to the queue unless it is already among the closed nodes , in which case it only updates the closed node with the new distance .
Candidate: adds a new astarnode to the queue unless it is already among the closed .
Reference: gets the file from a java file object .
Candidate: implement java file to virtual file .
Reference: signals a waiting take . called only from put / offer ( which do not otherwise ordinarily lock takelock . )
Candidate: signals a waiting take from put / offer ( which do not otherwise ordinarily lock takelock . )
Reference: creates a writableraster with the specified width and height , that has a data layout ( samplemodel ) compatible with this colormodel .
Candidate: creates a new raster with the same width and height , with the height with the same zeroed data arrays .
Reference: build a random left - regular bipartite graph of given left and right sizes .
Candidate: computes the left limit of regular bipartite graph sizes graph .
Reference: execute a command in the environment
Candidate: execute command commands in the command .
Reference: update progress , safe to use for multithreading .
Candidate: called by the the settings .
Reference: creates a context handler for the directory .
Candidate: create a new megan module .
Reference: indicates if this text starts with the specified prefix .
Candidate: tests if this string starts with a specified prefix .
Reference: ensure the jsp engine is initialized correctly
Candidate: convert instances of instances instances instances convert instances ( instances ) instances convert instances of instances ) instances shows instances of instances instances handles instances instances instances relating of instances
Reference: creates a new temporary directory in the default temporary file location .
Candidate: creates a new temporary directory in the specified directory .
Reference: tostring - a string representation for the super - class partition ' partition ' .
Candidate: same as a string [ ] .
Reference: scipio : returns true only if the category id is child of the given parent category id . < p > note : is caching
Candidate: scipio : returns true if the category is is a product . < p > note : the caching .
Reference: input an instance for filtering . ordinarily the instance is processed and made available for output immediately . some filters require all instances be read before producing output .
Candidate: uses the resources and the resources and makes the input resources and access the input input and the resources and input and the resources and input and the resources and
Reference: get a list of all of the columns on a table .
Candidate: get a number of attachment .
Reference: add a resource created within the analyzed method .
Candidate: add a preexisting resource resource to the resource resource .
Reference: signals the semaphore when the event arrives .
Candidate: releases the given of the stack .
Reference: tests this object for equality with an arbitrary object .
Candidate: returns true if this object s equal ? .
Reference: check if node_count / 2 + 1 dbsvc instances are active on other nodes in the cluster so that if the current node is powered off , a quorum will
Candidate: checks if we call has at the related to the previous space .
Reference: schedules the nearest upcoming alarm , to refresh notifications . this is historically done in the provider but we dupe this here so the unbundled app will work on devices
Candidate: updates the throughput with respect to the rate artist .
Reference: allows scheduling a request to stop the workload .
Candidate: initializes the set of the mech set .
Reference: javax . net . ssl . sslcontextspi # enginecreatesslengine ( string host , int port ) verify exception when sslcontextspi object wasn ' t initialiazed .
Candidate: javax . net . ssl . sslcontextspi # enginecreatesslengine ( string host int , int port , int , int exception object . sslcontextspi object wasn ' t initialiazed .
Reference: joins arrays together , if only one array contains elements it will be returned without coping anything . < br > if given array or arrays is empty , new
Candidate: contains specified array contains contains contains contains contains contains contains contains contains contains contains contains contains the specified array contains contains contains contains contains contains contains contains contains contains contains
Reference: returns a list of sub parts of path of a resource name .
Candidate: description of the url .
Reference: initialise best selling items report
Candidate: decodes an appropriate image to take a lat / lon / take / a media resolution .
Reference: notification of transaction beginning .
Candidate: attaches a reflected to the view .
Reference: add the given job to run . it will attempt to acquire the locks needed by the job , but if not possible , it will wait until the jobs
Candidate: add a packet to the path .
Reference: reset the parser with a new latex expression
Candidate: reset the parser with a new latex expression
Reference: adds a new constant .
Candidate: adds a given constant .
Reference: add full chart data .
Candidate: add a full chart .
Reference: returns ( c4 . 5 - type ) information gain for the generated split .
Candidate: returns the value of this fieldtype ' s iotdevice
Reference: writes the state of the transition rule to the stream .
Candidate: returns the rule rule the rule .
Reference: removes the given property from being animated as a part of this propertybundle . if the property was a part of this bundle , it returns true to indicate that
Candidate: removes the given property from being animated as a part of this propertybundle . if the property was a part of this bundle , it returns true to indicate that
Reference: deserializes a serialized typeserializer
Candidate: decodes all data from the given byte array .
Reference: divide the number of multi digits by the number of one digit
Candidate: divide a number of a negative number .
Reference: creates and displays the neuron properties dialog .
Candidate: new new new frame frame where the new settings where new frame is new frame frame is new frame frame . new new frame frame . new new frame frame
Reference: perform pseudo " in - place " encryption
Candidate: does the appropriate for the table .
Reference: check if one of the children is changed
Candidate: return true if the element are no or more complex symbols condition .
Reference: prevent initializing this class .
Candidate: don ' t ' t need to create others .
Reference: for some save scnearios and analysis we should remove special characters , i . e . html
Candidate: used to replace all data for testing .
Reference: create a new script action for the workspace .
Candidate: creates a new action network with the specified network panel .
Reference: load the webview with an image with a url . zoom is enabled without zoom control . default background color is solid black ( 0xff000000 ) .
Candidate: gets the url from the url url .
Reference: constructs a list of receipts for each installment .
Candidate: get the contents of the existing channel .
Reference: checks if the input parameter is a valid email .
Candidate: validate email address email address .
Reference: adds a directed edge which is known to form part of this line .
Candidate: adds a member to this directededgestar .
Reference: parses a deployment descriptor stored in a regular file .
Candidate: convenience an inputstream to an pem form .
Reference: called by the connmgr thread when a new connection is created .
Candidate: creates a lookup performance storage for the lookup . this method allows us to the a different lookup .
Reference: checks whether the extension of the filename is that specified . < p > this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the last dot
Candidate: checks whether the extension of the filename is that specified . < p > this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the last dot
Reference: generate and return the collision report .
Candidate: reads the next of the given .
Reference: adds the given topic to the subscription store - used for topic to subscription matching .
Candidate: adds the topic to the topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic .
Reference: store the contents of the tobezippedname directory into a zip file with the provided name . if the zip file name doesn ' t end in . zip , it
Candidate: this method scans the resource in teh .
Reference: generates a hashmap used to store expanded state for items in the list on configuration change or whenever onresume is called .
Candidate: calculates the last item to needed .
Reference: adds the listener to receive audio packets from all modules .
Candidate: adds a listener for changes .
Reference: convenience method for decoding data to a file .
Candidate: convenience method for decoding data to a file .
Reference: creates the extension from the passed der encoded value of the same .
Candidate: create a issueralternativenameextension from the passed der encoded value of the same value .
Reference: creates a javaenvironment with the given ' java ' path .
Candidate: creates a new file instance .
Reference: format method for the o conversion character and long argument . for o format , the flag character ' - ' , means that the output should be left justified
Candidate: format method for the o conversion character , int , for the character ' ' o format . < p > the format that ' should be the for the
Reference: adds a jsfunction to handle calls to the specified javascript object . this essentially installed a javascript proxy method that sends a message via a navigation callback to the javascriptcontext
Candidate: handle a multiple of the multiple the can handle can handle can handle can handle can handle can handle can handle can handle can handle can handle can handle multiple
Reference: remove all blocks , block listeners , and entry points
Candidate: removes a layer from the underlying layer .
Reference: java nio replacement of commons - io
Candidate: writes a string to a string file .
Reference: determines whether a given node is a variable access node that can be simplified .
Candidate: deletes all instances of the conditions in the tree .
Reference: called by the picker for updating the header display .
Candidate: called by the picker for updating the header header .
Reference: where is a segment , represented by endpoints ' s1 ' and ' s2 ' , withing a range ' near ' of region ' r ' ?
Candidate: drop a list of the elements from a map .
Reference: add an action to the list .
Candidate: inserts an action at the specified location .
Reference: method which loads an index from a data input ( random access file or data input stream ) .
Candidate: a an object from a object
Reference: obtains the url of the specified class file .
Candidate: obtains the url of the class file .
Reference: the signoff function lets the server know that a client is checking out .
Candidate: delete a new revision id , deregister and finally delete it , delete its id .
Reference: this method creates steps to create srdf pairs in an empty srdf group .
Candidate: this method creates steps to create a copy of pairs .
Reference: creating timestamp for downsampling in order to be consistent with tsdb downsampling func on hour / minute level
Candidate: waits for bug await cache instances .
Reference: should a navigation bar appear at the bottom of the screen in the current device configuration ? a navigation bar may appear on the right side of the screen in
Candidate: should a navigation bar appear at the bottom of the screen in the current device configuration ? a navigation bar may appear on the right side of the screen in
Reference: returns a string represention of the node .
Candidate: return a list of a a point .
Reference: receive notification of a recoverable xslt processing error .
Candidate: receive notification of a recoverable xslt processing error .
Reference: get the head of the assocation list that is keyed by target .
Candidate: get the head of the assocation list that is keyed by target .
Reference: create a unionpathiterator object , including creation of location path iterators from the opcode list , and call back into the compiler to create predicate expressions .
Candidate: create a unionpathiterator ten structure and create a different opcode prior to create a repaint structure .
Reference: executes the unziprunnable using the provided monitor to update the user and provide cancel capabilities .
Candidate: build a directory with the given directory .
Reference: read a record from the database . each field / value pair from the result will be stored in a hashmap .
Candidate: read a single record from the specified file the specified file . the specified key in the specified file the specified file . the specified file will be the specified
Reference: throws error message with line number and last token read .
Candidate: this method adds or more shows by an email address .
Reference: constant - time spookyhash 4 - word - state hashing reusing precomputed state partially .
Candidate: spookyhash 4 - word - word - state hashing reusing precomputed state partially state .
Reference: if the deal has more deals , this returns true ; false otherwise .
Candidate: get the next .
Reference: adds an issuer to the criterion for the issuer distinguished names . < p > the crl issuer must match at least one of the specified distinguished names .
Candidate: adds an element criterion at the specified distinguished names . < p > crl crl crl crl names must match the at least one of the specified distinguished names .
Reference: build the string required for an sql select statement : where key in ( ? , ? , . . . , ? ) without ' where ' and with
Candidate: generate a string string for the list of string .
Reference: creates a copy of nodes map without the given node .
Candidate: gets the first number of . .
Reference: write the given device to storage if we are master . use this method if the device has significantly changed ( e . g . , new ap , new
Candidate: write the given device to the given storage if we are master . significantly changed ( e . g , we ap , new new new new new new new
Reference: runs the test case .
Candidate: runs the test case .
Reference: helps sort an array of doubles . assumes that array [ lower + 1 ] through to array [ upper ] is already in heap form and then puts array
Candidate: symmetric householder reduction to tridiagonal form of the given .
Reference: removes the processor from the internal processor queue at the provided index .
Candidate: removes the specified at the specified position .
Reference: inserts a chain of children into the given node .
Candidate: returns the suffix of the given subtree suffix .
Reference: converts a locator string with a known prefix to a by object
Candidate: matches and text matches matches matches matches
Reference: notify listeners that a task was started .
Candidate: notify that a task was cancelled .
Reference: non - dom : check if value of the comment is well - formed
Candidate: dom the dom dom dom version as a valid xml dom .
Reference: throw an exception if the record has been destroyed
Candidate: a method for a a provider .
Reference: uploads artifact into the repository .
Candidate: obtain the cache .
Reference: escapes bytes in the format used in protocol buffer text format , which is the same as the format used for c string literals . all bytes that are not
Candidate: format method used for bytes in the format format as an array of bytes in the format format .
Reference: read the header of a daa file and all reference names
Candidate: load 2 metadata from 2 .
Reference: get an array of types for an array of objects
Candidate: get an array of types of the array of objects .
Reference: does all the " real work " of tallying up the counts .
Candidate: read a single edge into a file .
Reference: adds th binary security token to the header element .
Candidate: this method must be the xml element in the xml document .
Reference: skips spaces in the given string .
Candidate: skips spaces in the given string .
Reference: update the kinetic scrolling
Candidate: update the original update
Reference: samples from the distribution . in this case , simply selects one arbitrary sample out of the set defining the distribution
Candidate: computes the samples of the samples of the samples from the samples box .
Reference: reads x509certificate object from given input stream .
Candidate: generates public certificate x509certificate pem public key .
Reference: creates a new guacamolehttptunnelmap which automatically closes and removes http tunnels which are no longer in use .
Candidate: creates a new thread .
Reference: associate the given class name value with the specified key .
Candidate: associate the specified value with the specified key .
Reference: if renamedefinitions object is prepared , does the lookup and renaming of schema , table and columns . nothing is done if renamedefinitions is null .
Candidate: creates a new object on the given object .
Reference: handle the result of reading last add confirmed .
Candidate: handle the last of add the result .
Reference: tests if the specified fingerprint is in this set . as a side effect , updates the set to contain the fingerprint .
Candidate: adds the next value to the next of indices .
Reference: return true if there are no extension present in this generator .
Candidate: return true if there are no extension present in this generator .
Reference: apply this group ' s layout to its neurons .
Candidate: removes the given component from this list .
Reference: helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
Candidate: helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
Reference: the nice value ( see setpriority ( 2 ) ) , a value in the range 19 ( low priority ) to - 20 ( high priority ) .
Candidate: ( since linux 3 . 5 - 8 ) under the range of the real process reported . waitpid ) under 2 .
Reference: gets the rough size of a layer of the tree .
Candidate: a a new , and a new ,
Reference: finds public static method that is accessible from public class .
Candidate: finds the public accessible class in the given class . public method in public class inheritance hierarchy .
Reference: helper http function to get list of my service cards based on keyword and category
Candidate: converts http service to keyword based on the keyword keyword .
Reference: add a phone number address to the list .
Candidate: add a new vendor availability presentation to the mech .
Reference: convenience method to return only the digits and plus signs in the matching string .
Candidate: converts the given string into a string .
Reference: package private helper method for descriptor . equals methods .
Candidate: return true if the given is is a .
Reference: returns the first markersegment object in the list with the given tag , or null if none is found .
Candidate: create unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown
Reference: open the input using the " from " parameter , exiting on failure .
Candidate: creates the name for the named file .
Reference: returns a new instance which has the additional first source to be concatenated together with the current array of sources . < p > this operation doesn ' t change
Candidate: returns a new instance of the additional source to be merged together with the current array of sources . < p > this operation doesn ' t change the
Reference: this method publishes the supplied items .
Candidate: handles the processes message .
Reference: < ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
Candidate: < ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
Reference: verify the valid class use for construction .
Candidate: define an code .
Reference: create the extension from the passed der encoded value .
Candidate: create the extension from the the
Reference: generates bimonthly periods for the whole year in which the start date of the given period exists .
Candidate: generates daily periods for the given year , which ' s startdate exists .
Reference: generates a random aes key for encrypting / decrypting the turnover value attention : in a real cash box this key would be generated during the init process and stored
Candidate: generates a random ( ) method .
Reference: vetoable change listener . - business partner - currency - date
Candidate: the variant of the value of the snapshot .
Reference: parse a server response into a json object . this is a basic implementation using org . json . jsonobject representation . more sophisticated applications may wish to do their
Candidate: parse a json text into a json text . response . org . jsonobject . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Reference: loads version information from the url .
Candidate: reads version information from the given xml document .
Reference: find a page of user using query by example .
Candidate: find a page of book by example .
Reference: add a static view to appear at the end of the recyclerview . footers are displayed in the order they were added .
Candidate: add the static view to appear at the end of the recyclerview . footers are select displayed in the select view . select action view .
Reference: add a string to the start of the queue .
Candidate: add a string to the queue queue .
Reference: tests to see if the connection is in read only mode . note that prior to 5 . 6 , we cannot really put the database in read only mode
Candidate: check if notifications notifications , notifications without returning notifications .
Reference: consume returns a completablefuture that is done when publisher completes
Candidate: throws an operation operation if no operation is no operation operation .
Reference: set the parent node . for an extension function , we also need to set the parent node for all argument expressions .
Candidate: set the parent node for the parent node .
Reference: cleans a directory without deleting it .
Candidate: cleans a directory without deleting it .
Reference: returns true if this charset is known to be registered in the iana charset registry .
Candidate: returns true if this charset is known to be registered .
Reference: create and add constant instance
Candidate: adds a bytecode of a long .
Reference: called if something is messed up . prints a message , and the usage statement , if desired .
Candidate: this method can be used to the the calling to the the , we can be used to be used to the the calling to the calling the calling the
Reference: kinda like the junit asserts for doubles , which allows an " epsilon " but this is for integers , and with a specific description in the assert just for
Candidate: compares the supplied test , verifies that the w is expected , verifies that ' t kind , then compares two floating point .
Reference: instantiates a new sitemap . xml parser .
Candidate: instantiates a new spider svn entries parser .
Reference: flush all cached resources . the deaccelerated parameter indicates if the flush is happening because the associated surface is no longer being accelerated ( for instance the acceleration priority is
Candidate: successfully called when the connection has successfully successfully .
Reference: add an entity where the infopacket traverses . this method should be called by network entities that count as hops , for instance routers or cloudresources . it should not
Candidate: add the given id to the the swd and add them to the log .
Reference: checks whether the scheme alters the training dataset during building . if the scheme needs to modify the data it should take a copy of the training data . currently
Candidate: determines if the scheme alters the given dataset does a output of the given output data .
Reference: determines if the event queue is empty .
Candidate: returns the event for the " event " event .
Reference: test that all of the graphicsprimitiveproxy objects actually resolve to something . throws a runtimeexception if anything is wrong , an has no effect if all is well .
Candidate: ensures that the thread initializer and initializer that loads the appropriate thread .
Reference: reads index entries from the segment . the index is at the tail of the segment , written backwards in blocks . the final block has the first entries ,
Candidate: generate an text one callback .
Reference: returns number of hosts in the net2initiatorsmap
Candidate: factory method to build the an object to the for emailing .
Reference: add the certificates in certstore to the certificate set to be included with the generated signeddata message .
Candidate: add the certificates in certstore to the certificate set to be included with the generated signeddata message .
Reference: internal : process a lob specification . the lob must be specified to process and create a lob type mapping .
Candidate: process the actual representation of the process ( ) .
Reference: fires a sax startprefixmapping event for all the namespacestack which have just come into scope
Candidate: this method generates clear the node on the given namespace .
Reference: clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above
Candidate: clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above
Reference: prints this exception ' s stack trace to a print writer . if this exception has a root exception ; the stack trace of the root exception is printed to
Candidate: prints this exception ' s stack trace to a print writer . if the exception has a root exception , the stack trace of the root exception is printed to
Reference: convert dataflavor list to array .
Candidate: returns an array of the array .
Reference: test for correct error handling for a choice that has an empty icon element .
Candidate: test for icon has correct icon for choice handling icon icon icon icon icon . icon icon has no icon .
Reference: sets attributes of a file on windows system
Candidate: utility method to removes a map from the given map .
Reference: gets next id for indexed message id .
Candidate: generates the unique id in this method .
Reference: set the current values of all fields .
Candidate: responds to the set of values .
Reference: return true if any of the securityinfos is valid for the given endpoint and client identity .
Candidate: returns true if the user is a valid .
Reference: retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other list . in other words , removes from the receiver all of its
Candidate: retains ( keeps only elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other list .
Reference: converts an arraylist < byte [ ] > to an arraylist < bytestring > . if the input is an empty list , the output is an empty list .
Candidate: helper method to convert a list containing the provided list of bytes .
Reference: defines an index with the specified column names .
Candidate: adds the given index to the table .
Reference: sets the ssl key store key password .
Candidate: sets the so_reuseaddr option .
Reference: instantiates a new zookeeper state machine ensemble .
Candidate: create a new base loader loader loader loader , optional base loader / optional base , optional base
Reference: creates shortcut for mnemonic replacing standard alt + letter to ctrl + alt + letter on mac with jdk version newer than 6
Candidate: escape the instructions that can that that that that that that the legal operands .
Reference: runs the garbage collector . calling this method suggests that the java virtual machine expend effort toward recycling unused objects in order to make the memory they currently occupy available
Candidate: indicate that the virtual machine that would be used to collect a time .
Reference: removes the smallest key and associated value from the given subtree .
Candidate: generate the version of the node .
Reference: reset error and warning counters
Candidate: warning warnings here we want to be generated warnings on warnings .
Reference: reads config from the given source file , updating it using the given configuration and writing in to the given output .
Candidate: copies the provided file to the output stream .
Reference: separate the input annotations into a map of targetclass ( targeted , valid , invalid ) to the annotations that fall into each of those categories .
Candidate: resolve reflect original value for reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect
Reference: cause autoscroll to occur < p >
Candidate: stops the timer for the given thread .
Reference: compares the string value to another value
Candidate: returns the absolute values of the first argument .
Reference: bind achievement condition to given property .
Candidate: add the specified value to the by the given value .
Reference: remove a column from this table
Candidate: remove a column from this table
Reference: append text to the log , repaint the window and notify the autoscroll thread to scroll to the end of the text area .
Candidate: writes the object to to to to to the document object .
Reference: closes the connection to the database .
Candidate: closes a connection connection .
Reference: constructs a new bayes im editor from a bayes estimator wrapper .
Candidate: creates a new daytimecondition
Reference: removes the listener for events that shift the projection stack .
Candidate: responds to handle an action button listener .
Reference: send a fatal error log message
Candidate: send a fatal error log message
Reference: returns true if the character at index is a literal , that is not editable .
Candidate: returns true if the next literal represents a valid literal . this method returns false if the notation of the first character .
Reference: generate a granularity instance based on a path element .
Candidate: generate a granularity instance based on a path element .
Reference: constructs a worditerator using the default locale .
Candidate: constructs a basici18n object from the default locale .
Reference: closes the index by closing its open leaf page , if necessary .
Candidate: adds a resource definition .
Reference: push a single file .
Candidate: performs the specified of the specified file .
Reference: performs some processing on the given item .
Candidate: don ' t ' t ' t ' t ' t ' t ' t ' t ' t ' t ' t ' t ' t ' t '
Reference: resizes the array to contain a smaller number of elements . has no effect if the size is greater than current number of elements .
Candidate: resize the contiguous applied to applied before applied before contiguous contiguous contiguous contiguous contiguous contiguous contiguous contiguous contiguous contiguous contiguous contiguous contiguous contiguous contiguous contiguous contiguous contiguous contiguous contiguous contiguous
Reference: split uint8 to 2 bytes of high byte and low byte . e . g . 20 = 0x14 should be split to [ 0x01 , 0x04 ] 0x01 is
Candidate: split uint8 to 2 bytes of high byte . e . g . 20 = 0x14 should be split to [ 0x01 , 0x04 ] 0x01 is
Reference: pretty printing accumulator function for shorts
Candidate: pretty printing accumulator function for longs
Reference: fills the class cache with classes in the specified directory .
Candidate: logs all files and files in the directory .
Reference: removes the specified bandwidth type .
Candidate: removes the specified object from the specified object .
Reference: exit with a process success code .
Candidate: exit with a process success success code .
Reference: get the current time .
Candidate: returns the current time base time .
Reference: remove / collapse multiple newline characters .
Candidate: internal method to validate the substitions replacing the themes identified by stripping comma - separated by stripping consecutive characters with function by stripping the corresponding function by stripping the corresponding
Reference: inserts a chain of children into the given node .
Candidate: returns the suffix of the given subtree suffix .
Reference: generates and returns the javadoc for the specified start / end tag pair .
Candidate: this method assumes that occur for the given index .
Reference: extract all properties in this namespace that can be found in the provided property source
Candidate: extracts map from the map map .
Reference: remove the last row .
Candidate: removes the size of the list of this list .
Reference: scrolls to show the component in case it is invisible currently
Candidate: this method will call this method will stop service will be used when the need to stop when we need to be elected .
Reference: returns the next available character , or the null character ' \ 0 ' if all input has been exhausted . the return value of this method is ambiguous for
Candidate: reads the next character from the input character . this method returns all character ' \ ' the next character ' has been read from the input and return the
Reference: should be invoked after processing each child representation element , in order to apply consistency checks .
Candidate: begins the timer scope .
Reference: creates a new section label generator using the specified label format string , and platform default number and percentage formatters .
Candidate: creates a pie tool tip generator for the specified number generator .
Reference: splits a charsequence according to the delimiter character .
Candidate: splits a split into a character array .
Reference: initializes a timer with a target , a selector and an interval in seconds .
Candidate: extracts the static conversion from the given .
Reference: reads a tuple from the stream . the stream is completed when tuple . eof = = true .
Candidate: read the data from the given stream .
Reference: adds a string and a double . if the double represents an integer tries to add it without trailing ' . 0 ' . if both are missing , then
Candidate: add a double ' s double and add a double value .
Reference: remove the specified property change listener .
Candidate: removes the property change listener .
Reference: load the values for this step from an xml node
Candidate: load values from the step values for this step values
Reference: hash a signature . the signature is divided in s stages ( or bands ) . each stage is hashed to one of the b buckets .
Candidate: computes the hash of the this provider function based on the jsonobject and the possibly decompressed .
Reference: called to notify that a consumption has finished .
Candidate: called to notify that a consumption has finished .
Reference: generates the instructions to cast a numerical value from one type to another .
Candidate: converts the to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to the value to the result .
Reference: adds a trigger group name to the list of trigger group names
Candidate: remove a tab associated with a target .
Reference: reads a utf - 8 encoded string . since ascii is a subset of utf - 8 , this method may be used to read strings that are known to
Candidate: reads a utf - 8 encoded string .
Reference: limpia la lista de ficheros temporales del escaneo
Candidate: extract que carga los ficheros escaneados clip
Reference: read and extract a thumbnail - sized image from a file .
Candidate: write the bitmap with the to the the file .
Reference: completed submit ( runnable ) returns successfully
Candidate: executes an operation operation .
Reference: shrinks an area by the space attributes .
Candidate: converts the amount to the specified amount .
Reference: validates a query matches some json test expressions using the default double delta tolerance .
Candidate: makes the response throws a solrexception with the response
Reference: builds the absolute stats .
Candidate: this method will be called when a date has been registered , or if it doesn ' t t a multiple of listeners .
Reference: used to execute this plugin tool .
Candidate: used to execute this plugin tool .
Reference: serialize a model to file .
Candidate: serialize the invalid image to the file .
Reference: find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
Reference: check if the specified field is a partition tag field
Candidate: check if the field is partition the partition tag
Reference: arranges the blocks in the container with a fixed width and no height constraint .
Candidate: arranges the width height with the fixed width width width width width width width width width width width width width width width width width width width width width width width
Reference: mainly exists to provide statement . execute . . . methods timing logging .
Candidate: handles the proxy error based on the given time .
Reference: similar to string . indexof , but allows an upper bound ( this is slower in that it will still check string starting at start .
Candidate: searches the specified substring from the specified string . < p >
Reference: adds delta to the count for k and returns the count prior to addition .
Candidate: the method ( ) .
Reference: send to tcp client
Candidate: disconnects the action from cancel .
Reference: handle a key typed event . this inserts the key into the text area .
Candidate: handle a text handle typed key into the text area .
Reference: given a map of already renamed classes , fill in the gaps for classes that were not reached , but have parents that can be pulled from .
Candidate: uses the specified uri from the base classname .
Reference: verifies that the method name , parameter types , and constraints are valid .
Candidate: verifies that the values that are valid stream .
Reference: create a program that satisfies an op_checkmultisig program , using pre - encoded signatures .
Candidate: create a program that satisfies an op_checkmultisig program signatures . optionally appends an script bytes to the script script spending a p2sh output .
Reference: deletes the instances at the given positions
Candidate: deletes the instances at the given positions
Reference: adds the listener as a listener of the specified type .
Candidate: adds the specified listener for the specified type .
Reference: gc2gc : generalized cepstral transformation
Candidate: fill a point with a specified color .
Reference: tests if the given base date is between the given start date and end date , including the dates themselves .
Candidate: tests if the given date between the given date .
Reference: registers a timeout event listener for timeout notification .
Candidate: add the specified listener to the service .
Reference: converts the provided string list to a string array .
Candidate: converts the provided string to the string array .
Reference: this method transforms the given tool tip text into html . lines are splitted at linebreaks and additional line breaks are added after ca . linelength characters .
Candidate: convert a string as a string .
Reference: writes a chunk of bytes to the stream .
Candidate: writes the contents of the input stream to the stream .
Reference: creates a new multipart post http request on a freshly opened urlconnection
Candidate: creates a new http post post post request post post post post post post post post post post post post post post connection post post post post post post post
Reference: receive notification of character data .
Candidate: receive notification of character data .
Reference: helper method for printing a tag in toplevel . xml
Candidate: append an element to the end of the xml element . cdata element . this tag to the end of the main element .
Reference: returns the object managing the validation extra info .
Candidate: returns the impurity of the split body .
Reference: add top level contents to the document .
Candidate: add the building at the given utterance .
Reference: invokes a closure passing it a new sql instance created from the given map of arguments . the created connection will be closed if required .
Candidate: executes the prepared statement .
Reference: writes a buffer to the underlying stream .
Candidate: writes a buffer to the underlying stream .
Reference: adds a new index entry or updates an existing index entry
Candidate: updates the index entry updates updates index updates
Reference: the demand - driven mode for precisely computing points - to information for given pointers . call graph will not be updated in this mode .
Candidate: the current time for the current time . note that we need to the current time .
Reference: adjust indices in starts to reflect a deletion after deleteat . any index in starts greater than deleteat will be increased by 1 . it is the caller ' s
Candidate: throws an illegalargumentexception at the end of an array of an array of an array of an array of an array of an array of an array of an array
Reference: factory for a bean type .
Candidate: compresses an image to a working file . < p >
Reference: reverse allocation . period needs to be open
Candidate: validates whether the fields .
Reference: determines if the application doesn ' t mind if the mechanism obtains the required credentials from outside of the current subject . our kerberos v5 mechanism would do a jaas
Candidate: returns true if spnego interoperability mode with microsoft , according to the default property , it is true , if it ' s is explicitly .
Reference: read an entity declaration . the value of internal entities are inline : < ! entity foo " bar " > the values of external entities must be retrieved by
Candidate: inline inline inline inline inline retrieved from the inline input values . inline entities are inline must inline inline inline inline inline inline inline inline inline inline inline inline inline
Reference: add a field with the specified value .
Candidate: add a field with the specified value .
Reference: deletes a storage information and files from disk .
Candidate: closes the storage directory if it is open .
Reference: sends an advanced synchronous request that has to be configured by the developer .
Candidate: get xml load from
Reference: summary . for any syntax error thrown by the parser , there will be an errornode in the parse tree and this method will process it . all errors correspond
Candidate: check if the error is not present .
Reference: helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
Candidate: helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
Reference: returns true if the example does not contain missing values within regarded attributes .
Candidate: returns the value value for the given key . the map value .
Reference: loads a binary file from the input stream . < p / > note that we currently have four ! methods of loading up the database . we were interested
Candidate: fills the streams from the loading input streams streams streams .
Reference: delete luns from lun group
Candidate: add luns from the lun group
Reference: deletes a set of locators from the managed set of locators , and discards any already - discovered lookup service that corresponds to a deleted locator . for any lookup
Candidate: add an alive operation , add the add operation if the list of have been discovered , add operation .
Reference: looks , if the input item type is selected .
Candidate: returns whether this operand can this operand this operand this operand . e . this method returns whether e . e . e . e . e . e .
Reference: updates the dialog with a new operation .
Candidate: adds an item to the list .
Reference: specifies the security provider to use for the keystore .
Candidate: returns the provider repository provider .
Reference: attempts to cas - decrement the workercount field of ctl .
Candidate: attempts to cas - decrement the workercount field of ctl .
Reference: serializes one or more requests but does not execute them . the resulting httpurlconnection can be executed explicitly by the caller .
Candidate: abandons a batch of the requests in the same as a in the context . note that the same as the same as the same order as the same as
Reference: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Candidate: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Reference: this class can find composite routes between two territories . example set of matches : [ friendly land , score : 1 ] [ enemy land , score : 2
Candidate: add a line of a short option .
Reference: create an endpoint for a specified host and port . this should not be used by external classes to create endpoints for servers in this vm ; use getlocalendpoint instead
Candidate: create a new endpoint from the data endpoint .
Reference: tests fix for bug # 22613 - dbmd . getcolumns ( ) does not return expected column_size for the set type ( fixed to be consistent with the odbc driver
Candidate: tests fix fix bug bug fix bug fix bug fix bug fix bug fix bug fix bug fix bug fix bug fix bug fix bug fix bug fix bug fix
Reference: amount of time that this process has been scheduled in kernel mode , measured in clock ticks ( divide by sysconf ( _sc_clk_tck ) ) .
Candidate: ( since linux 3 . 5 ) address above which program address are placed in brk ( 2 ' s ) .
Reference: construct a program rewriter for the given rewrite sets which are passed from outside .
Candidate: construct a program rewriter for a given rewrite which from a given rewrite which is passed .
Reference: creates the settings menu .
Candidate: creates the menu menu .
Reference: write string to dataoutputstream motivation : datainputstream . readutf can ' t print lines larger than ushortmax
Candidate: write a string to the output stream .
Reference: check whether the given string can be a valid java name
Candidate: checks if the given string is empty .
Reference: create process commands to start tern with node . js
Candidate: extract the given string from the
Reference: count the metrics for packages
Candidate: saves the current settings in
Reference: gets the error stream from a process and reads it to keep the process from blocking due to a full buffer . the processed stream data is appended to the
Candidate: reads a blocking from the process process . blocking due to keep blocking .
Reference: deletes the string wherever it occurs in the builder .
Candidate: deletes the string wherever it occurs in the builder .
Reference: computes log likelihood of an entire clustering . version as used in the x - means publication .
Candidate: computes log likelihood of the entire clustering .
Reference: turn an array of strings ( class names ) into an array of class objects
Candidate: creates an instance of types of the given types .
Reference: announce membership in the specified groups , and return false if interrupted , otherwise return true . this method is run from synchronized run method in thread .
Candidate: determines if received packet to a receiver .
Reference: encodes a byte array into base 64 format and breaks the output into lines .
Candidate: encodes a byte array into base 64 format and breaks the output into lines .
Reference: trim off excess size dead space .
Candidate: re to the the capacity of the in the in the to the
Reference: determines if the prompt contains ' select_account ' .
Candidate: determines if the prompt contains ' consent ' .
Reference: sorts the instances according to the given attribute / dimension . the sorting is done on the master index array and not on the actual instances object .
Candidate: sort the using using the quicksort .
Reference: flips the given image on the horizontal axis
Candidate: rotates the given image by 270 degrees while changing the ratio of the picture
Reference: whether audit is enable ? defaults to true .
Candidate: whether audit to enable defaults to defaults .
Reference: is a terms & conditions request
Candidate: determine if the given request is a given timeout
Reference: reads the segment metadata , the sequence and table key .
Candidate: initializes the full sequence containing the base correction bytes .
Reference: if time is > 60 * 60 * 24 [ seconds ] , it will be projected into next day , e . g . time = 60 * 60
Candidate: returns the largest time from the specified time .
Reference: below method will be used to update the min or max value by removing the length from it
Candidate: below method will be used to store the value being used to store the min value .
Reference: construct a node in the result tree . this method is overloaded by xsl : attribute . at this class level , this method creates an element . if the
Candidate: construct an xsl tree in the tree tree . xsl : this method creates a node in the tree tree . the result tree in the tree tree .
Reference: check that the map either contains the specified type or is the specified type . the type name can be parameterized , i . e . sequence & lt ;
Candidate: todo method for a method for a method defined within a given string .
Reference: desirialize a struct object
Candidate: creates a query of query field .
Reference: create and parse allowable options
Candidate: parse the allowable options
Reference: this method concatenates two byte arrays
Candidate: this method concatenates two byte byte arrays
Reference: initializes an input stream from a file .
Candidate: initializes an input stream from an input stream .
Reference: creates an instance of extendeddismaxconfiguration . it will contain all the necessary parameters to parse the query
Candidate: creates an instance of extendeddismaxconfiguration .
Reference: writes all properties of a given resource to the properties table and links them to the main table record .
Candidate: parse the database from the database under the database name .
Reference: compute the maximum value on a log scale
Candidate: normalizes the value of the attribute value . 0 / 1 .
Reference: register a listener to be notified when focus is cleared
Candidate: adds the tabfragment bounding availability to the viewpageradapter .
Reference: add a listener for mode changes
Candidate: redraw the mode
Reference: returns an enumeration of all the available options . .
Candidate: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Reference: creates a xem mosaic levy .
Candidate: creates a new record .
Reference: returns the ordinal rank of value among the sampled values in this buffer .
Candidate: returns the index of the the specified value .
Reference: measure item size in kilobytes rather than units which is more practical for a bitmap cache
Candidate: measure item size in kilobytes rather than units which is more practical for a bitmap cache
Reference: negate the given predicate .
Candidate: decodes a input input input input input input input input input input input input input input input input input input input input input input input input input input input input
Reference: add margintop to simulate set fitssystemwindow true
Candidate: remove margintop to simulate set fitssystemwindow false
Reference: converts a hexadecimal string into an byte array
Candidate: converts a byte array to hex strings .
Reference: sends data to the device on this connection .
Candidate: sends the data to on this device .
Reference: requests and blocks for the schema from the server .
Candidate: store the message to the store .
Reference: append a text representation of an array to a buffer .
Candidate: appends the given string to the end of the buffer .
Reference: returns an array that holds the real values from the matlab array . each call returns a new copy which may be used in any manner ; modifications to it
Candidate: returns the empty representation of the type .
Reference: read the cut points from the given sequence file .
Candidate: this a map of the given . < p / > this method is borrowed from a jsoup .
Reference: returns true if the indicated sequence number is available .
Candidate: check whether the given is successfully really .
Reference: add a slide to the intro
Candidate: add a new slide to the intro
Reference: draw a line onto the array , using the classic bresenham algorithm .
Candidate: draw a line onto the array onto the classic .
Reference: performs some processing on the given item .
Candidate: performs some processing on the given item .
Reference: helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
Candidate: helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
Reference: push to the top of the stack
Candidate: pushes an element to the stack .
Reference: return the cardinality of a particular tail , which is the range count if not optional and infinite if optional .
Candidate: calculates the next timeout from the ( and supporting and g , and timeout , e , g , and timeout )
Reference: create standard response header with optional cookie and print document . d : \ j2sdk1 . 4 . 0 \ docs \ guide \ intl \ encoding . doc .
Candidate: create session to create cookie .
Reference: cast a object to a long object ( reference type )
Candidate: cast a object to a object object object
Reference: clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above
Candidate: clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above
Reference: complete the current grid row , adding the icon at the end
Candidate: expands the filled tab filled filled .
Reference: tests that internal state of the object can not be changed by modifying initial array value
Candidate: tests that internal state of the object can not be modified by modifying initial value
Reference: shutdown the androiddebugbridge and clean up all connected devices .
Candidate: shuts down the garbage down to the server shuts down down . this should shuts down shuts down shuts down shuts down shuts down shuts down shuts down shuts down
Reference: marks that ping back was received .
Candidate: waits for the peer of the ping ping .
Reference: find a slot in the jtoc with this object literal in else return 0
Candidate: return the object for the given " . groovy " " " " object is " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
Reference: not part of api turns off the viewable area , scaling the page back to original scaling
Candidate: called when the provides access to the dataset .
Reference: builds an expanded version of the ' wumpus lexicon ' found on page 891 of aima v3
Candidate: constructs an empty modified for empty modified instead of empty modified .
Reference: compare transfer rate calculated to expected value .
Candidate: asserts that we belong to check whether to another test to check if it ' re - exist .
Reference: runs the test case .
Candidate: runs the test case .
Reference: add an x509trustmanager to the ones being governed by this composite . ideally , this implements x509extensions . if not , it will be wrapped in an x509extensionswrapper , to
Candidate: adds a new to to the manager .
Reference: return an iterator of all children of this node . if there are no children , an empty iterator is returned .
Candidate: return an iterator over all children of an iterator that have an empty node .
Reference: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Candidate: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Reference: creates a new folder in the current directory with the name create_directory_name .
Candidate: creates a new folder with the current name create_directory_name .
Reference: i - mutual information . < br > note binary only
Candidate: computes the y description of computes the y boundary of y value of computes the y octagon y y y y y y y y y y y y y
Reference: setup and run a test .
Candidate: run run and run .
Reference: always returns 0 , exception tests fail no positive test case for black - box test possible : no default value indicated . not supported
Candidate: test no sample indicated value for no positive test indicated . black indicated value .
Reference: make a prettyprinted json text of an object value . < p > warning : this method assumes that the data structure is acyclical .
Candidate: make a json text value this assumes the the data . assumes the assumes assumes assumes assumes assumes assumes assumes assumes assumes assumes assumes assumes assumes assumes assumes assumes assumes
Reference: returns true if the given annotation is retained at runtime .
Candidate: check if the specified annotation is an annotation loader is mapped missing to the missing annotation . if the missing annotations is missing , then attempt to indicate that the
Reference: message processing test , send invalid sms data
Candidate: test receiver message receiver , start receiver ,
Reference: adds the classpath for the loader as paths in the mergepath .
Candidate: add a class class for the class class . this class is not when the class class and is not then the class class is not when the class class
Reference: load directories map used to populate select on basic metadata page
Candidate: parses the name and for the property .
Reference: create a " null " individuum ( full space ) .
Candidate: decodes an unsigned 32 max bits max bits max bits max bits max bits max bits max bits max bits ( max bits max bits bits
Reference: executes findallstrings assuming the strings are the names of a classes that should be loaded and returned . < p / > any url or class that cannot be loaded
Candidate: build the list of the for the build class . < p / > this method will be used to retrieve by example , and retrieve it to retrieve the
Reference: determines whether or not a value is of slavo - germanic orgin . a value is of slavo - germanic origin if it contians any of ' w ' ,
Candidate: returns true if the value is valid slavo ' germanic orgin is a valid value value .
Reference: shuffles all items in the inventory
Candidate: build the values of the values of the set of the panels .
Reference: responsible for generating the animations that moves the tabs back in from discard attempt or commit the current discard ( if any ) . it also re - even the
Candidate: responsible responsible generating generating the animations in generating the animations in generating the animations in generating the animations ( even if the discard tabs in generating discard tabs in discard
Reference: returns the formatted value . returns null if the value does not start with 1 .
Candidate: format the formatted string value . fraction digits , usually the string fraction fraction fraction fraction fraction fraction fraction fraction fraction fraction fraction fraction fraction fraction fraction fraction fraction fraction
Reference: a locale independent version of tolowercase .
Candidate: a locale independent version of tolowercase .
Reference: assert a step - list with getalistofsamplesteps ( size )
Candidate: trims a list of entries in the list .
Reference: invoked when a processing exception occurs . by default propagates the runtime exception .
Candidate: invoked when a processing exception occurs .
Reference: this method allows to register a transformation .
Candidate: add a batch to to the canonicalizer .
Reference: terminate this entire set of coroutines . the others will be deregistered and have exceptions thrown at them . note that this is intended as a panic - shutdown operation
Candidate: terminate the entire line others . coroutines will others others others others others others others others others others others others others others others others others others others others others others
Reference: shrinks the capacity of the buffer to the current length if necessary . this method involves copying the data once !
Candidate: shrinks the capacity of the current buffer . if necessary is the capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity
Reference: creates a new logical and condition with the provided sub - conditions .
Candidate: creates a new span that the logical and any span and any focus span and any span and any span and any span and any span and any span and
Reference: discard any allocations that hold data prior to the specified absolute position , returning them to the allocator .
Candidate: discard prior to the prior to hold any allocations prior to hold any prior prior to the specified position prior to the prior to the prior to the prior to
Reference: create new hop given host , port and transport .
Candidate: create new hop given host address .
Reference: sets the state of the ui controls to match our internal state .
Candidate: handle identify plain text classifier text . warning methods , validate text for debugging names like " print " names like " names will be used to validate following text
Reference: write a ascii code to the output stream
Candidate: writes an object to the given outputstream .
Reference: process the incoming message , see if it is a panel response , and if so parse the loconet id . use that value to set the id box .
Candidate: this method that shows the message of the sequence element that generates a proper message to ensure that the local message was written .
Reference: executes a random batch operation with keys presented in sorted order . < p > note : batch operations with sorted keys have twice the performance of the corresponding operation
Candidate: reads error error message and error message .
Reference: a method that determines if it is possible to add a range of lights in numerical order eg 11 thru 18 , primarily used to show / not show the
Candidate: returns true if the user has been marked , that can be used for testing . < p / > note that this method can only this method can only
Reference: method to compare all the object classes in the set with the specfied object class . will do a case insensitive comparision .
Candidate: compare method to compare the the object in the case of the specfied object do a insensitive comparision .
Reference: writes an int field value .
Candidate: writes an char field value .
Reference: get the log of the factorial of a number . upto 32 , the factorial is exact . after that , the gamma function is used because the numbers can
Candidate: returns natural logarithm of factorial .
Reference: waits for a response to some pending operation .
Candidate: releases the timed to the timed to the timed .
Reference: atomically adds the given value to the current value of the field of the given object managed by this updater .
Candidate: atomically adds the value of the given value to the current field of the given value .
Reference: closes a specified closeable , suppressing any checked exceptions . this has no effect if the closeable is null .
Candidate: get , exceptions , , , does not null . does not empty .
Reference: append some data to the file .
Candidate: append the log file to the buffer .
Reference: notify all registered listeners that a change occurred in the lists .
Candidate: init the list of breakpoints to the list of as3 highlighting .
Reference: convert a ipv4 address from an integer to an inetaddress .
Candidate: convert an address to an ipv4 address . inetaddress .
Reference: opens a ftp connection
Candidate: removes a server on the server
Reference: plus ( mathcontext ) for a positive bigdecimal
Candidate: negate ( mathcontext ) for a negative bigdecimal
Reference: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Candidate: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Reference: adds the key - value mapping to the cache iff there is no entry for that key . note that a cleared reference under a key is treated in exactly
Candidate: adds a mapping reference to note that the treated under the key mapping . note that there is treated under the value under treated under the mapping . note that
Reference: determine the common suffix of two strings
Candidate: determine the common suffix of two strings
Reference: closes parser and frees all resources .
Candidate: release any resources resources resources .
Reference: starts the publishing monitor once and only once .
Candidate: removes any thread from idle . .
Reference: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Candidate: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Reference: polls the status of video frame read completion .
Candidate: create an instance of
Reference: reduce this beanvisual ' s icon size by the given factor
Candidate: returns the number of the the given .
Reference: reconstitutes contained permissions based on the information in the target name .
Candidate: reads the inner state and verifies that the deserialized descriptor .
Reference: returns the identifier in lower - camel format .
Candidate: returns a name of the given addresses .
Reference: decodes base64 data into octects
Candidate: decodes base64 data into octects
Reference: sorts the passed list of full copy source objects based on the natural sort order of their labels . used to align the labels for the full copies with their
Candidate: sort the passed in the list .
Reference: gets and removes the head of the queue .
Candidate: gets the removes the head of the queue .
Reference: instantiates a new adds the movie set action .
Candidate: instantiates a new search movie action .
Reference: starts the rmi registry .
Candidate: init server deals with the server server .
Reference: read from monitored file , report any changed values for monitored socket statistics . not thread - safe , only call from a single thread .
Candidate: removes from from from the - .
Reference: does a given url point to google book search , regardless of domain .
Candidate: does a point to google book given url , regardless of domain .
Reference: resets internal state to the initial state .
Candidate: resets the internal state state to the internal state .
Reference: ensure the output string has a character of whitespace before adding another word .
Candidate: sort the results passed directly to an output .
Reference: handles duplicate request handler request .
Candidate: handles add supported supported request .
Reference: test if the response is expired against current time , given the expire duration in milliseconds . if the ajax source is network , it ' s never considered expired
Candidate: checks if the session has been installed session .
Reference: makes the given visitor visit this stack map frame .
Candidate: makes the given visitor visit this stack frame .
Reference: returns an array of " key = value " strings containing information not otherwise easily available , such as # defined library versions .
Candidate: creates an array containing the given strings definition .
Reference: handle a recently halted query by throwing an appropriate exception .
Candidate: schedule an empty message after the task has been processed .
Reference: write the given device to storage if we are master . use this method if the device has significantly changed ( e . g . , new ap , new
Candidate: write the given device to the given storage if we are master . significantly changed ( e . g , we ap , new new new new new new new
Reference: if network hardware on a node was replaced , the identity will change .
Candidate: generates the given in the given and the the
Reference: change the parameter and return the hastings ratio . flip ( switch a 0 to 1 or 1 to 0 ) for a random bit in a bit vector .
Candidate: return the k and return the hastings ratio .
Reference: tear down after testing .
Candidate: tear down after testing .
Reference: receives notification of a chart progress event .
Candidate: clears the event event .
Reference: initialize ( or re - initialize ) this iterator .
Candidate: initialize re initialize this initialize initialize this initialize initialize re initialize re re - initialize or re - initialize or re - initialize or re - initialize or re -
Reference: obtains a local date in the japanese calendar system from the epoch - day .
Candidate: returns the date of japanese calendar year . < p - > this method
Reference: the function convert_transverse_mercator_to_geodetic converts transverse mercator projection ( easting and northing ) coordinates to geodetic ( latitude and longitude ) coordinates , according to the current ellipsoid and transverse mercator
Candidate: the function convert_transverse_mercator_to_geodetic converts transverse mercator projection ( easting and northing ) coordinates to geodetic ( latitude and longitude ) coordinates according to the current ellipsoid and transverse mercator
Reference: checks size is zero .
Candidate: helper helper helper helper helper helper helper helper helper helper helper helper helper helper helper helper helper helper helper helper helper helper helper helper helper helper helper helper helper helper
Reference: virtualized support for map . get ( ) ; overridden in subclasses .
Candidate: virtualized support for map ( get ) ; overridden in subclasses .
Reference: puts the entry with the specified key into the cache .
Candidate: puts the entry with the specified key into the cache .
Reference: this is an important usability feature to have in our cpp transformation . asking the user to add " depend " statement for their code in each used parameter is
Candidate: if the wrapped instance instance objects instance that are supported to instance objects without returning an instance of wrapped objects .
Reference: add language to supported languages
Candidate: a a new instance of a given object .
Reference: returns the index of the smallest value in an array that is greater than ( or optionally equal to ) a specified key . < p > the search is
Candidate: returns the index of the smallest value in the array that is greater than or optionally equal to the specified key . < p > the search is
Reference: adds a user to the underlying repository . the user name must not clash with an existing user .
Candidate: checks if the user user repository match the user supplied user .
Reference: block mix ( 128 - bit block ) of input key to internal hash state .
Candidate: see the function for reading the pre - 1 .
Reference: register a host that is connected to the switch .
Candidate: queue the priority queue to the queue queue to the queue queue to the queue queue to the queue queue to the queue queue , we have to to to
Reference: add to - be - reconciled flow to the queue .
Candidate: add the flow - to be - reconciled flow to the queue .
Reference: construct this object from one of the strings in the " fmt_list " parameter
Candidate: constructs an ascii packet from the strings to the " fmt_list " .
Reference: puts the entry with the specified key into the cache .
Candidate: puts the entry with the specified key into the cache .
Reference: writes the jar file .
Candidate: add a map to the destination map .
Reference: appends a new cell to the current row containing the provided integer value .
Candidate: appends a new cell to the current row containing the provided value .
Reference: expect a server proxy failure .
Candidate: expect success success success success success success success success success success success success success success success success success success
Reference: re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
Candidate: re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
Reference: remove a key from the parameter set .
Candidate: removes the specified object from the internal request .
Reference: recalculate the attribute statistics of the given attribute .
Candidate: add the attribute attribute to the attribute attribute .
Reference: returns whether this group has any child layers .
Candidate: returns true if this node is no children .
Reference: inserts the specified column at the specified position . shifts components that intersect the new column to the right hand side and readjusts column groups . < p > the
Candidate: searches up the column to the given hash table .
Reference: returns the index of string s in the reply
Candidate: returns the index in the string .
Reference: todo relevant for ll - parser ? ? ?
Candidate: compute legal source legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal
Reference: load a command script from the input stream and find the bshmethod in the target namespace .
Candidate: method method methods method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method
Reference: a command may be implemented as a compiled java class containing one or more static invoke ( ) methods of the correct signature . the invoke ( ) methods must
Candidate: return an entry and return an entry .
Reference: computes probabilities for the multinomial logistic model type .
Candidate: called by the number of the . the number of be called by the number of math .
Reference: wrapper methods for add / modify / remove apis in amclientcapdata . we have it here , so we dont have to wait for an event notification to arrive when
Candidate: load external external self directory self properties .
Reference: deletes a single file or recursively a folder with its content .
Candidate: deletes all the folders from the target directory .
Reference: add the export remove volume step to the workflow
Candidate: method to the the proxy timestamp to the export timestamp
Reference: inference by gibbs sampling .
Candidate: inference by gibbs sampling .
Reference: rremoves a debug token
Candidate: removes the specified processlaunchercontext from the list .
Reference: report version info from sax interfaces . currently distinguishes between sax 2 , sax 2 . 0beta2 , sax1 , and not found .
Candidate: report version info from info interfaces . currently distinguishes between 2 , 0beta2 , sax1 , and not found .
Reference: loop thru the saved signature and file checksums in the persisted data and compare them with the signature and file checksums in the swc context .
Candidate: check whether the specified specified is specified and the specified stream .
Reference: adjust min / pref size for columns ( or rows ) that has components that spans multiple columns ( or rows ) .
Candidate: adjust size ( columns ) that has required for size ( ) size ( ) size ( ) size ( ) size that spans multiple columns ( ) size (
Reference: dumps the given bytes to stdout as a hex dump ( up to length bytes ) .
Candidate: helper method for the given byte array .
Reference: parses the chatlogger and invokes the listener on each chat event encountered .
Candidate: shows a file file .
Reference: test for unknown , but valid , escape sequences .
Candidate: parses directionality , as well , as unknown values .
Reference: returns the network parameters for the given string id or null if not recognized .
Candidate: check if the given key is removed by the given id .
Reference: add the certificates and crls contained in the given certstore to the pool that will be included in the encoded signature block . < p > note : this assumes
Candidate: add the crls in the certificate included with the generated signeddata message .
Reference: writes the body of this attribute in an attribute - type dependent way ; see jvms7 4 . 7 . 2 and following .
Candidate: note : this method reads from the ( order ) .
Reference: uses trig to find angle of the arrow
Candidate: calculates the distance between the given location .
Reference: helper method used to append whitespace characters to the end of each rendered element .
Candidate: used to append a whitespace characters . tests that this method should be rendered to the end .
Reference: clears resourceindex of the given resource type name from the local cache . if an attempt is made to use this resource index subsequently , it would be refreshed from
Candidate: fetches all attributes from the deployment / config .
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: special handling to check if we have a valid byte array for both header and transactions
Candidate: apply the contents of the header to the current stream .
Reference: generates the last 52 weeks where the last one is the week which the given date is inside .
Candidate: generates the last 6 bi - months where the last one is the bi - month where the date is inside the month .
Reference: gets the set of labels required at the time of matching the vertex in a cypher match pattern . this implementation returns no labels .
Candidate: return the strategy that this strategy is override this strategy .
Reference: reset the count of the unread messages of the section whose index is given in asection
Candidate: returns a list estimate estimate .
Reference: adds a category to the list of registered categories to appear in the lexicon .
Candidate: adds an item to the list of category .
Reference: callnonvirtualobjectmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns an object
Candidate: callobjectmethodv : invoke an virtual method that returns a
Reference: tries to send all other messages to all connected hosts ordered by their delivery probability
Candidate: send all connected to all delivery messages connected to their delivery connected to all delivery connected connected connected to all delivery connected connected connected connected connected connected connected connected connected
Reference: make a dark color to ripple effect
Candidate: make a dark color to ripple effect
Reference: creating a stream from a set of seed values
Candidate: specify the optional of the layout , the first should be returned as an instance of the stream .
Reference: cache a user ' s client item id keyed by internal user id
Candidate: updates an internal s internal state for its internal state . keyed by id .
Reference: processes an entity element .
Candidate: scans an config in an config .
Reference: returns matching node or null if none . tries to search using tree comparisons from root , but continues linear search when lock not available .
Candidate: tries to search if any search node using its lock node , but if none matching not null . tries search comparisons search search search search search search search search
Reference: utility method to query the modifier flags of this member .
Candidate: returns true if this test is available .
Reference: implements that top - level image single task submission that is defined by the imageconsumer interface .
Candidate: spawns a single task from a single core task .
Reference: generate invoices from shipments
Candidate: process data process
Reference: locate the best instance of ' pattern ' in ' text ' near ' loc ' using the bitap algorithm . returns - 1 if no match found .
Candidate: locate the instance of ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' '
Reference: return a leaf cell given its cube face ( range 0 . . 5 ) and i - and j - coordinates ( see s2 . h ) .
Candidate: awaits on the given , depending on the given value .
Reference: checks if a response message contains a body .
Candidate: checks if a response message contains a body .
Reference: updates the actions that depend on the state of a single project .
Candidate: called when a messenger plugin is loaded
Reference: closes the file item .
Candidate: closes the audio output stream .
Reference: attempts to extract a valid number from a phone number that is too long to be valid , and resets the phonenumber object passed in to that valid version .
Candidate: returns true if we triggers timed occurred , return true if the plot is occurred .
Reference: compares a time value with current time . both time values are in micros since epoch . since we can not assume the time came from the same node ,
Candidate: check that the availability of the that can be saved before the current requesthandler .
Reference: histogram getter , returns the histogram value contained in this metricvalue .
Candidate: set the set by the two set .
Reference: create week day label
Candidate: create a new panel with correct .
Reference: create a new path consisting of this path with one or more additional segments given by the relative path .
Candidate: write a file for a file .
Reference: returns the index within a string of the first occurrence of a specified substring .
Candidate: removes the given substring from the given string .
Reference: submit ( null callable ) throws nullpointerexception
Candidate: execute c ( null ) throws nullpointerexception if an nullpointerexception
Reference: read a 32 bit signed number
Candidate: parse a 16 value
Reference: true iff there is a granted group .
Candidate: return true iff the is is pending .
Reference: add a preprocessor directive like # define , # extension , # version etc .
Candidate: add a preprocessor directive . g # , # , , , , , # # # # , etc , etc , etc , otherwise .
Reference: format to string buffer .
Candidate: appends to our double to our stored formatter .
Reference: clears saved results for average computations .
Candidate: clear the start of the entity .
Reference: filter out elements that do not have a property value equal to provided value . ? s < key > < value > .
Candidate: filter out that have key have a property value ? < p / > have a filter ?
Reference: adds value for an attribute and saves the change in the database .
Candidate: replace an attribute with the attribute .
Reference: copy stream , from input to output , it don ' t close
Candidate: copies the given input stream to the output stream .
Reference: helper method that outputs the public or protected inner members of a class .
Candidate: check that all messages within the given messages that doesn exist that doesn t exist within any messages messages that doesn ' t exist , so that that that that
Reference: initializes the basic variable / row mapping .
Candidate: normalizes the row in excel color .
Reference: if the mouse is dragging a rectangle , pick the vertices contained in that rectangle clean up settings from mousepressed
Candidate: when released mouse released is released released
Reference: find free space on the windows platform using the ' dir ' command .
Candidate: find the free ' dir ' the system windows .
Reference: attach a header and die if you get a duplicate header exception .
Candidate: this method is called from the language npc .
Reference: phonemise the word text . this starts with a simple lexicon lookup , followed by some heuristics , and finally applies letter - to - sound rules if nothing else
Candidate: get a string describing the specified text . < p > the that that that that that can be used to find the next string and the that it is
Reference: allows to exit program .
Candidate: stop the client - stop system . procrun .
Reference: create a state at a time .
Candidate: compute a list of perpendicular marker .
Reference: returns a hashcode for the specified object .
Candidate: returns the hash code for the object .
Reference: copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one . these mappings replace any mappings that this map had for any of the keys currently in the
Candidate: copies all of the mappings in this map . these mappings replace any mappings in the map map had of the keys currently for the specified map .
Reference: asserts that the actual pivotfield matches the expected criteria
Candidate: asserts that the expected pivotfield matches the criteria
Reference: returns the string representation of this object .
Candidate: returns the string representation of this object .
Reference: flatten a string [ ] into an xmlserializer . the list can later be read back with readthisstringarrayxml ( ) .
Candidate: flatten an [ ] into a xmlserializer . the list can later be read back with readthisstringarrayxml ( ) .
Reference: iterates over the file tree of a directory . it receives a visitor and will call its methods for each file in the directory . previsitdirectory ( directory ) visitfile
Candidate: iterates over a tree of each tree for each directory receives a tree .
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: highlights all the hashtag in the passed text .
Candidate: highlights all handles the passed in text .
Reference: reads next variable length block from input .
Candidate: reads next variable block length .
Reference: process one block of input from the array in and write it to the out array .
Candidate: process the input array in the process and write it to the process process .
Reference: get the mqtt topic for a command .
Candidate: returns the mqtt topic from the topic topic .
Reference: checks that object [ ] arg is neither null nor empty ( ie length = = 0 ) and that it does not contain any null element .
Candidate: throws an error argument if an argument argument is an argument .
Reference: fetches url content by executing get request with provided cookie string .
Candidate: executes response response based response response response response response response response response response response response response response response response response response response response response response response response response response response
Reference: test against the " void setseed ( byte [ ] ) " method ; it checks out that " setseed ( byte [ ] ) " method supplements its argument
Candidate: test against " void setseed ( byte [ ] " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
Reference: flips the given image on the vertical axis
Candidate: rotates the given image by 270 degrees while changing the ratio of the picture
Reference: creates a new morfologikfilterfactory
Candidate: creates a new instance of a named resource .
Reference: execute the callable wrapping checked exceptions inside a runtimeexception .
Candidate: submit a callable inside a callable .
Reference: pads the given string to the left with spaces to ensure that it ' s at least totalchars long .
Candidate: pad a string based on the given string the minimum string of strings .
Reference: decodes lzw image data into pixel array . adapted from john cristy ' s imagemagick .
Candidate: decodes lzw data image adapted into pixel adapted adapted adapted adapted adapted adapted adapted adapted adapted adapted adapted adapted adapted adapted adapted adapted adapted adapted adapted adapted adapted adapted adapted
Reference: returns the hash code for this policyinformation .
Candidate: returns the hash of this policyinformation .
Reference: creates a unixterminal with default settings , using system . in and system . out for input / output , using the default character set on the system as the
Candidate: creates a new contents of the default file using the default encoding . the default system will be the contents of the default system will be modified by the default
Reference: verbose log message with printf formatting .
Candidate: verbose log message with printf formatting .
Reference: checks if is cell editable .
Candidate: returns true if the given cell is editable .
Reference: checks all added streams and removes invalid ones .
Candidate: test last call call only future future after all tasks have been garbage active .
Reference: we only want the current page that is being shown to be focusable .
Candidate: we only want the current page that is being shown to be focusable .
Reference: add to the list of packages that take priority over the parent
Candidate: this a - part of a - " - - " - - " - - " - - " - - " - - " - - " -
Reference: action to be performed
Candidate: can be be be be be be
Reference: verifies a single certificate .
Candidate: verify a random certificate using the specified input between the specified input .
Reference: reads a sequence of bit encoded using lzw compression with 12 - bit codewords from standard input ; expands them ; and writes the results to standard output .
Candidate: escape sequence sequence of strings ; sequence ; sequence ; sequence ; sequence ; sequence ; sequence ; sequence ; sequence ; sequence ; sequence ; sequence ; sequence ;
Reference: constructs new audio capabilities based on a set of supported encodings and a maximum channel count .
Candidate: constructs a new audio based on the channel of the maximum of pcm encodings
Reference: let the graph model decide .
Candidate: returns true if the given diskname is invalid linearized mode .
Reference: creates an extension response code . names that do not begin with ' x ' will have ' x ' prepended
Candidate: description of the method which delivers method .
Reference: creates the default inverse cumulative probability density test expected values .
Candidate: creates the default inverse cumulative probability distribution test input values .
Reference: appends the string representation of the boolean argument to the string buffer . the argument is converted to a string as if by the method string . valueof , and
Candidate: appends the string representation of the argument argument to the buffer argument . the argument argument is converted to the string string as a string of the string string string
Reference: deletes a set of servers .
Candidate: a user password
Reference: copy buf to mmessage .
Candidate: append a byte to mmessage .
Reference: sorts the specified range of the array using the given workspace array slice if possible for merging
Candidate: sorts the given range using the given workspace array slice for merging
Reference: report a fatal xslt processing error .
Candidate: report a fatal xslt processing error .
Reference: add a single terminal to the set .
Candidate: add a particular if the particular name .
Reference: create zookeepr node if not exist
Candidate: scans until the file in the directory in subdirectory mode .
Reference: tells the video recorder to stop recording . ( call from non - encoder thread . ) < p > returns immediately ; the encoder / muxer may not yet
Candidate: method to update the recorder from
Reference: write a tag with a name .
Candidate: writes & lt lt ; tag & gt ; & lt ; i & gt gt & gt gt & gt gt & gt gt & gt gt & gt
Reference: returns the hash code value for this code signer . the hash code is generated using the signer ' s certificate path and the timestamp , if present .
Candidate: returns the hash code value for the timestamp and the the hash code .
Reference: get new type variable
Candidate: returns the type of the specified node in the specified node . < p > the flag is assigned to the default type .
Reference: process certificate based auth request
Candidate: checks if the certificate key is be used to parse the case of the certificate .
Reference: iterates from this number down to the given number , inclusive , decrementing by one each time .
Candidate: iterates down this number from the given number , inclusive , decrementing by one each time .
Reference: adds an select expression within the select clause .
Candidate: adds a element within objective clause .
Reference: remove listener for pv changes
Candidate: remove listener for pv changes
Reference: determine if a gts ' values are normally distributed . works for numerical gts only
Candidate: computes the values of the values ' s a by the passed in a function .
Reference: load contents from a properties object
Candidate: a a a object object
Reference: returns the gamma function of the argument .
Candidate: returns the gamma function of the argument argument .
Reference: create a new instance of this class , and start the timer .
Candidate: browse mvp view
Reference: parse a string under the expectation that it is a repositoryexpression , i . e . repository name plus options , e . g . " internal ( revision =
Candidate: returns whitespace whitespace whitespace whitespace whitespace whitespace whitespace whitespace whitespace whitespace whitespace whitespace whitespace whitespace whitespace and whitespace whitespace whitespace whitespace whitespace whitespace whitespace whitespace whitespace whitespace whitespace whitespace whitespace
Reference: closes this stream . this implementation releases the buffer used for the pipe and notifies all threads waiting to read or write .
Candidate: closes the xmlstreamreader buffer .
Reference: add a section to the document .
Candidate: constructs a new jarinfotablemodel .
Reference: load a genome relationships file
Candidate: load a genome relationships file
Reference: return the version parts
Candidate: converts the results of the results of an int array .
Reference: executes the algorithm , producing ( at least ) a result workbench . must be implemented in the extending class .
Candidate: executes the sql algorithm must be implemented in extending least the extending extending extending the extending extending extending extending extending extending extending extending extending extending extending extending extending extending extending
Reference: check if two doubles are equal to within specified tolerance .
Candidate: returns true if the two are equal .
Reference: read the metamodel declaration from a js file , check it ' s the right version and return the model as a map .
Candidate: reads the specified file into the specified file .
Reference: check for comments , trim white space . return null if nothing left after that . otherwise split on tabs and return the array .
Candidate: removes the given substring from the given string .
Reference: creates the blockobject volume data .
Candidate: creates a blockobject blocksnapshot provided the provided part of the given .
Reference: takes a hashmap and creates an object . the hashmap should be created through jackson , so that jackson can deserialize it and instantiate an object .
Candidate: helper method to handle the json type
Reference: find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
Reference: " delsms " cmd deletes sms , either - all sms - all sent sms - sms from specified contact - # last messages - # last incoming / outgoing
Candidate: count count count count count
Reference: ' finally ' instructions can start in the middle of the first block .
Candidate: start the start of the receiver .
Reference: checks to see if the there has been an error in the printstream .
Candidate: returns the boolean flag value and returns the value of the error flag throws exception .
Reference: splits the document basing on the given size .
Candidate: round a document document as a blank document .
Reference: validates the module instance names provided to the setproperties ( ) call for the auth_scheme key . checks for null and throws exception if null or not a string .
Candidate: checks if the given set of setproperties ( ) does not exist , for the set of
Reference: a helper method to return the uuid without the " urn : uuid : " prefix
Candidate: create an exception that is a in the recognizer summary of .
Reference: reads and returns the next line in this input stream .
Candidate: reads next line of the next line ( excluding the next line separator .
Reference: decodes data from base64 notation , automatically detecting gzip - compressed data and decompressing it .
Candidate: decodes base64 encoded base64 base64 base64 base64 base64 encoded byte byte array . base64 base64 scheme . .
Reference: creates a red gradient paint .
Candidate: create a new instance in the given range .
Reference: returns a list of all numbers found in a given string .
Candidate: splits a string for the given string .
Reference: delete a storage server from the tracker server
Candidate: query the server query .
Reference: creates a node that accepts input into the routing network can only connect to one other node
Candidate: creates node to create node routed nodes .
Reference: assert delivery state by delivery group .
Candidate: asserts that a given wait for a given predicate
Reference: it seems that createfilescompilescope does not work in all environments , at least with android , see https : / / intellij - support . jetbrains . com / hc
Candidate: create the project path for the given path .
Reference: writes the bitmap to disk and returns the new file .
Candidate: compresses the data to a file to the given runtime file . if the is is a dummy directory .
Reference: parse the given text sentence .
Candidate: parse ui & tab , otherwise , followed by an name & ' & ' & ' & ' & ' & ' & ' & ' & ' &
Reference: replace the old child with a new child .
Candidate: replace the old child with a new child .
Reference: gets the hash code for the specified multi - key .
Candidate: gets the hash code for the specified multi - key .
Reference: flushes the stream . if the stream has saved any characters from the various write ( ) methods in a buffer , write them immediately to their intended destination .
Candidate: flushes the buffer to the buffer . flushes the output buffer . flushes the buffer .
Reference: util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
Candidate: util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
Reference: adds the entry to the entry list .
Candidate: adds the and the the
Reference: always use this method to update the position of the sliding view .
Candidate: select select select onto select select select select select select select the select select select select select select select select select select select select select select select select select select
Reference: writes any remaining snp lines
Candidate: flush the the to the the writer .
Reference: construct a video stream from one of the strings obtained from the " url_encoded_fmt_stream_map " parameter if the video_info
Candidate: construct a video from the video url_encoded_fmt_stream_map " of strings from the parameter url_encoded_fmt_stream_map " from the video_info
Reference: compares this character array against the specified string . in case of equality , the chararray keeps a reference to the string for future comparisons .
Candidate: compares the specified string .
Reference: flushes any buffered output .
Candidate: finishes the output stream . leaves the output stream .
Reference: starts background thread that launches servers . this method will block until at least one server is running .
Candidate: create the daemon thread .
Reference: evaluates the pagination variables . uses the paginate annotation if it has been set for the entity to be queried .
Candidate: returns a new in this method .
Reference: constructs a new wrapper to collect runtime dynamics .
Candidate: constructs a new wrapper wrapper collect runtime dynamics .
Reference: if the provider was not previously registered , do nothing .
Candidate: remove the object object from the object object .
Reference: construct a comparator that sorts items by newest first . we ignore future creation dates using the supplied current date as a baseline .
Candidate: create a new at the given offset . the current date that have the same time twice .
Reference: updates an item in the series .
Candidate: maps an item ' s , based on the given index .
Reference: writes an float field value .
Candidate: writes an char field value .
Reference: repairs and decodes the supplied byte array , removing the error correction codes and returning the original data
Candidate: parses incoming incoming byte into incoming byte .
Reference: make arraylist from " , " separated string
Candidate: convert a string to an empty string .
Reference: return a path for a scroll bar button . this is used when the buttons are placed apart at opposite ends of the scroll bar . this is a common
Candidate: return a path for a scroll bar cap . this is used when the buttons are placed together at the opposite end of the scroll bar .
Reference: remove all the views from the adapter and de - parents them from the viewpager after calling this , it is expected that notifydatasetchanged should be called soon afterwards .
Candidate: to to the the animation to the animation
Reference: method to check valid malaysia mobile number
Candidate: returns true if the given string is a valid .
Reference: converts an error in the generated file to a compileerror based on the source .
Candidate: read a line to a file .
Reference: returns the hyperbolic sine of the number .
Candidate: returns the hyperbolic sine of the number .
Reference: show notification in container .
Candidate: removes a dummy object .
Reference: have the attributes of this service schema been modified
Candidate: returns true if the attributes is a specific tag .
Reference: instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
Candidate: instances should be constructed in standard programming .
Reference: get descriptor for method ( if any ) .
Candidate: find the first task in the passed in the task in the task in the task in the task in the task in the task in the task in the
Reference: runs a full - import using the given dataconfig and the provided request parameters . by default , debug = on , clean = true and commit = true are
Candidate: this method is to handle the time , use to use to use to use
Reference: produce a random sample of the given dbids .
Candidate: run sample . . . . .
Reference: generates a ( random ) message size
Candidate: get the random number of the two arrays .
Reference: grab the args string from the method signature
Candidate: grab the signature of the the against the signature .
Reference: removes a listener from the set of listeners
Candidate: removes a listener from the set of listeners
Reference: javax . net . ssl . sslcontextspi # enginecreatesslengine ( ) verify exception when sslcontextspi object wasn ' t initialiazed .
Candidate: javax . net . ssl . sslcontextspi # enginecreatesslengine ( ) verify sslcontextspi exception sslcontextspi object sslcontextspi object sslcontextspi object wasn sslcontextspi object wasn ' t initialiazed .
Reference: indicate an outbound result .
Candidate: same as text as text as text as text .
Reference: add a new value to the array map .
Candidate: add a new value to the value .
Reference: reset the candidate parser settings , making each parser equally likely .
Candidate: reset the candidate settings .
Reference: redefine this extendedtype object to represent a different extended type . this is intended to be used only on the hashet object . using it elsewhere will mess up existing
Candidate: create an extendedtype object from this node to the local namespace local type . the local type is used to compute the local type .
Reference: writes a long to the specified position .
Candidate: writes long long value to the long value .
Reference: create a straight line from the current path point to the new one specified by x and y .
Candidate: create a straight line from the specified x and y .
Reference: delete the replication set
Candidate: updates the volume for the volume
Reference: called to move to the next frame . this method will be called on the ui thread and must not block ! .
Candidate: remove the given and the specified list of the specified bar .
Reference: adds wheel changing listener
Candidate: adds wheel changing listener
Reference: m_rma - rma defaults .
Candidate: c_order to convert the values .
Reference: see the general contract of the readlong method of datainput . bytes for this operation are read from the contained input stream .
Candidate: reads the array of streams from the input stream .
Reference: test for bug [ 1120168 ] jtds 101 - tds data type 0 invalid .
Candidate: reads the raw tree meeting tree . tree , generate result tree , generate result tree , generate result tree , generate result tree , generate result tree , generate
Reference: attempts to create a log instance for the given category name . follows the discovery process described in the class javadoc .
Candidate: attempts to create a log instance for the discovery name . follows discovery discovery discovery discovery discovery discovery discovery discovery discovery discovery discovery discovery discovery discovery discovery discovery discovery discovery
Reference: creates a nsdata object from a file . using the files contents as the contents of this nsdata object .
Candidate: creates a nsdata file from a file file .
Reference: creates a new viaheader based on the newly supplied uri and branch values .
Candidate: creates a new viaheader based on the newly supplied branch .
Reference: adds some debugging information .
Candidate: this a and
Reference: dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used
Candidate: dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used
Reference: finds index of the string . returns - 1 if the string was not found .
Candidate: finds the index of the string . if the string was not found .
Reference: part of the json api . handles sign in requests .
Candidate: returns the next token .
Reference: resolve the array of parameters for the supplied executable , target , and outer instance .
Candidate: extracts the an object from the the provided object .
Reference: check whether the given char can be one of a name
Candidate: returns true if char character is valid legal dos xpath character .
Reference: attempt a secure connection with basic functionality to maximize compatibility . currently this uses ssl 3 . 0 .
Candidate: switch the given certificate to the given port .
Reference: determine if a character is ok to start an id .
Candidate: determines whether the given character is within a valid . < p / > note : this can be non - " or " tested is within a sun library
Reference: returns a hashcode for this font .
Candidate: returns the hash code of the specified object .
Reference: enum contructor to set command .
Candidate: creates a new instance .
Reference: tells whether a given type is a float
Candidate: tests if the double is is a double as a double .
Reference: invoked when the component ' s size changes . reset scrollable increment , because page - down / up is relative to current view size .
Candidate: invoked when the component is hidden .
Reference: create an arg with a name and help line description , along with a number of expected arguments to follow this option . has an argument to not check for
Candidate: initializes a wrapper wrapper onto a static settings .
Reference: a version of remove ( object ) using the strong hint that given recent snapshot contains o at the given index .
Candidate: removes all previously with all done mapping with all of all data structures . done with all done with all done with all done with all done with all done
Reference: removes the given model from the container .
Candidate: remove the model from the model .
Reference: read map information from stage0x . stg
Candidate: reads the bitmap from the file . it is closed .
Reference: get hoeffding probability number , in ln space
Candidate: creates a new instance for the given model .
Reference: after rotating , the matrix needs to be translated . this function finds the area of image which was previously centered and adjusts translations so that is again the center
Candidate: after rotating , the matrix needs to be translated . this function finds the area of image which was previously centered and adjusts translations so that is again the center
Reference: follows changes in the file , calling the tailerlistener ' s handle method for each new line .
Candidate: follows method for changes a document . calling this tailerlistener ' s method .
Reference: with child view to processing move events
Candidate: move view to child view
Reference: tests that local instances can be recreated ( = are deterministic ) if the same random seed is used to generate them .
Candidate: resets the full packet .
Reference: adds a new applied region to the match without a priority .
Candidate: add a element to the the builder .
Reference: resets the selection the panel by selecting all technologies .
Candidate: resets the state unmanagedvolume to the numeric state .
Reference: asserts that the execution of consumer throws an exception of the specific class .
Candidate: test method that consumer of the test that have been .
Reference: return true if this storage is empty
Candidate: returns whether the nodelistmodel model is model .
Reference: assertions allow for simpler test code
Candidate: asserts that we ' s ( s ) using the ' s ) ' s ) ' s ) ' s ) ' s ) ' s ) ' s
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table invitation_projects
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table user_roles
Reference: store feature ids using idkey . id value may be null if not present .
Candidate: create a new worddelimiteriterator operating dialog .
Reference: common inits , regardless of applet or application .
Candidate: called when the given register is already been performed in the classpath .
Reference: attempts to prepare the request for a retry . if there are no more attempts remaining in the request ' s retry policy , a timeout exception is thrown .
Candidate: attempts to prepare the request for a retry . if there are no more attempts remaining in the request ' s retry policy , a timeout exception is thrown .
Reference: this will simply load the file by blocks of x rows , then sort them in - memory , and write the result to temporary files that have to be
Candidate: reverses the given file to the given file .
Reference: add directory to scan for saves avatars
Candidate: add scan for scan for add directory for add avatars
Reference: returns highest node . this node might not be in range , so most usages need to check bounds
Candidate: finds within within sequence within respective targets within less than sequence . max_value . less than sequence less than less than less than sequence less than less than less than
Reference: process a netmapevent properties object , which means that a properties object , representing an event from the netmap server , is evaluated and used to modify the nodecache and
Candidate: read the control of the line of the text lines .
Reference: adds idrepo amsdk plugin to the given organization name
Candidate: add the existing pod to pre - existing configuration .
Reference: initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory . creates the root directory if necessary .
Candidate: initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory . creates the root directory if necessary .
Reference: getting the value of key pressed and appending it to current pin
Candidate: this method is used to follow this calculation of the calculation of strings . the calculation of the calculation of the calculation of the calculation of the calculation of the
Reference: whether the given string has a hierachy structure with the seperators
Candidate: returns true if the string contains at the specified index .
Reference: paints a portion of a highlight .
Candidate: paints a portion of a highlight .
Reference: receives a char and stores it into the pipedreader . this called by pipedwriter . write ( ) when writes occur . < p > if the buffer is full
Candidate: receives a char and stores it into the pipedreader . this is called pipedwriter . write ( ) writes occur . < p > if the buffer is full
Reference: converts a buffer to a bytebuffer .
Candidate: convert an integer buffer into a bytebuffer .
Reference: implements outputstream . write ( int ) in terms of outputstream . write ( byte [ ] , int , int ) . outputstream assumes that you implement outputstream .
Candidate: implements outputstream write ( int ) in terms of outputstream . write ( byte [ ] , int ) . outputstream assumes that you implement outputstream .
Reference: convert local paths into absolute paths for links based on the local file system .
Candidate: extracts the host string .
Reference: generates an utterance for announcing screen on and screen off .
Candidate: generates an utterance for announcing screen .
Reference: calculate matrix for fit_center
Candidate: calculate matrix for fit_center
Reference: resets the rate sampling .
Candidate: resets the state to the current machine .
Reference: read the next int from the inputstream .
Candidate: read a random integer from the input .
Reference: runs the test case .
Candidate: runs the test case .
Reference: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Candidate: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Reference: addissuer ( x500principal issuer ) method testing . tests if crls with specified issuers match the selector , and if not specified issuer does not match the selector .
Candidate: addissuer ( x500principal issuer ) method testing . tests if crls with the issuers match specified selector . if the specified issuer does not match the selector
Reference: adds specified tag transformation to the collection .
Candidate: clears the default metrics .
Reference: this method will be used to check whether a file has been modified or not
Candidate: this method modified to check whether file has been modified modified
Reference: return the characters up to the next close quote character . backslash processing is done . the formal json format does not allow strings in single quotes , but an
Candidate: construct an an an an enumeration .
Reference: read lyrics3 tag todo : not working
Candidate: checks if the file exists , then does not exist , then does not exist , then does not exist , then does not exist , then does not exist
Reference: compute the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors
Candidate: compute the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors
Reference: returns whether the database configuration is present or not ( i . e . the select column and the tablename have both been specified ) .
Candidate: checks whether we should have a lowercase
Reference: tests the string to see if it contains a partial numeric run . eg . 3000 , 5553
Candidate: this method is used to determine if the specified character is approximately a numeric character .
Reference: metodo que genera un alert con el mensaje de error y ademas cierra la ventana que se intenta abrir
Candidate: writes the http message to the supplied writer .
Reference: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Candidate: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Reference: returns the best parse for state " state " , potentially starting with a unary rule
Candidate: returns the best potentially state for the " parse unary rule
Reference: parses attributes of the docuemnt element for this object .
Candidate: parses the attributes of docuemnt element for this object .
Reference: calculates the distance between two given points in the plane .
Candidate: calculates the distance between two given point .
Reference: draws the description text in the center of the pie chart makes most sense when center - hole is enabled
Candidate: given the http text from the given text .
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: changes the given of the given .
Reference: pads spaces onto the end of the value to make it ' places ' long
Candidate: pads spaces onto the end of the value to make it ' places ' long
Reference: creates and registers a new error result code with the application .
Candidate: creates a link with the specified integer and returns it with the success .
Reference: add all exceptions in the given set .
Candidate: forwards the storage to storage storage .
Reference: starts video input from the camera .
Candidate: for random duration .
Reference: constructs the license locator with the given license file names . each file name given must exist on the system classpath .
Candidate: creates a new instance of the specified charset .
Reference: checks if the exception is one of the intended server side exception that has been thrown over the aidl layer .
Candidate: checks whether the given exception is installed .
Reference: initialises set of project type definitions
Candidate: convert a metadata to to the binary realm .
Reference: attach notificationlistener that can be used to listen notifications emitted by mbean server .
Candidate: remove notificationlistener from this mbean .
Reference: subtract two negative numbers of different length . the second is longer .
Candidate: subtract two numbers of different length .
Reference: handles looping and consuming
Candidate: called by the connected consumer .
Reference: exactly like readrawbytes , but caller must have already checked the fast path : ( size < = ( buffersize - pos ) & & size > 0 )
Candidate: returns a byte array of the filtered stream .
Reference: if checkdups is false , delete the service ( if present ) from servicebyattr under all attribute values of the given entry or from servicebyemptyattr if the entry has no
Candidate: update checkdups if the given entry has present from the given servicebyattr the given value under the given service . if all the servicebyemptyattr false if the entry has the
Reference: tests dsa algorithmparameters provider
Candidate: tests dsa algorithmparameters provider
Reference: tells if a class node is candidate for class literal bytecode optimization . if so , bytecode may use ldc instructions instead of static constant class fields to retrieve class
Candidate: test whether this test is public method .
Reference: loads the log file for the given license and returns it .
Candidate: find the file file the file file file file . the file file can find the file file file file file file file .
Reference: creates a new htmlstripcharfilterfactory
Candidate: creates a new capitalizationfilterfactory
Reference: update the user by the values , < br > if the values contains " password " field , it will auto encrypt the password field .
Candidate: update the user by user
Reference: the likelihood of a tag in given document .
Candidate: the likelihood of the given document .
Reference: make a string from the cluster features .
Candidate: returns a string representation of the data row .
Reference: check if task will be in safe mode . < br > this works only for sync to object tasks . < br > safe sync task will automatically unregister
Candidate: returns true if the controls is turned on the plot .
Reference: test of the bulk get / put byte [ ] methods which accept a slice into the caller ' s array .
Candidate: ( - digest - byte [ ] )
Reference: insert data to footer
Candidate: add data for for for
Reference: determines whether or not the current locale language is english . note that the user setting may be empty , defaulting to the running system locale which may be other
Candidate: clears the decoder decoder from the decoder .
Reference: call this method from your guiscreen to process the keys into the textbox
Candidate: call this method to your guiscreen keys into the textbox
Reference: parse a full image name ( myhost : 300 / namespace / repo : tag ) into its components
Candidate: convert a single single tag to the provided single parsing provided namespace . there can be used to parse any single widget .
Reference: adds the set of channel names to the set of listened channels .
Candidate: the next set of breakpoints in the observable that are created in any observable that are dispatched in the well .
Reference: deletes a directory recursively .
Candidate: deletes a directory recursively .
Reference: output property summary table .
Candidate: creates a configuration object .
Reference: deletes any empty folder from the db .
Candidate: deletes any folder from the db .
Reference: perform an asynchronous sum operation
Candidate: perform an asynchronous sum operation
Reference: write ( byte [ ] b , int off , int len ) method testing .
Candidate: write ( int b ) method testing . tests that writes the correct values to the output stream .
Reference: converts the loggingevent data in xml string format into an actual xml document class instance .
Candidate: create a new business object .
Reference: checks to see if the volume is a production journal . we check to see if the volume ' s rp copy name lines up with any of the given
Candidate: determines if we can be used in the transit .
Reference: test the # in a column name for oracle compatibility
Candidate: this method is called via reflection from the database .
Reference: unescape and decode a given string regarded as an escaped string with the default protocol charset .
Candidate: encodes an encoded - using the specified url .
Reference: wait before sending next poll . < p > waits specified time , and then checks to see if response has been returned . if not , it waits again
Candidate: wait until this tab is being processed ) .
Reference: adjusts the objects in line linenum of mappingvector so all column numbers starting with startcol are decreased by ` shift ' . if any begin / endtlatoken pairs are changed
Candidate: add a mapping from the to the vector of the vector . . < p / > note : this is ! =
Reference: determine the number of lines in the annotation text and the length of the longest line .
Candidate: split two line line line .
Reference: writes an image map to the specified writer .
Candidate: writes out an image at the given / output stream .
Reference: adds a message ( if not null ) to the builder .
Candidate: add a message to to the to the .
Reference: returns a string representation of the logout response .
Candidate: returns the string representation of this object .
Reference: returns a list of strings , where the strings are the result of calling string . valueof ( object ) of each object in the given collection .
Candidate: indents the list of strings .
Reference: returns the smallest of the specified values according to this ordering . if there are multiple smallest values , the first of those is returned .
Candidate: returns the next element in the list .
Reference: read a subarray of bytes from connection . this method blocks for at least one byte , and it returns the number of bytes actually read , or - 1
Candidate: try to read the available until the available object available . available . available .
Reference: append a string onto the vector .
Candidate: append a string onto the vector .
Reference: take a list of itemstacks and amalgamate where possible . < br >
Candidate: ensure that all necessary items in the passed in the parameter is currently in the parameter .
Reference: determines how many days ago time was ( rounded down ) .
Candidate: how many ago time ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago
Reference: checks if a xml character is well - formed . if there is a problem with the character a non - null character is returned else null is returned .
Candidate: checks a xml character as well as a character xml character .
Reference: xor for zero and zero
Candidate: for zero and zero zero
Reference: call the specified consumer with the current element passing through any ' rail ' .
Candidate: call from the specified from the specified rail .
Reference: java . util . arrays # fill ( char [ ] , int , int , char )
Candidate: java . util . arrays # fill ( char [ ] , int ) , int , char , int , int , int , int , int , int
Reference: add missing values to a dataset .
Candidate: add the missing values to the dataset .
Reference: insert discovered objects in batches
Candidate: persist the discovered object in an object . discovered .
Reference: modifies the attributes for the given configuration object .
Candidate: creates the object of object . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Reference: removes the given tab listener from this layout
Candidate: removes a chatsessionlistener so that this will be longer previously longer events .
Reference: creates a new instance with a list of uris .
Candidate: returns the number of in order mode .
Reference: this method is used for vmax3 to add volumes to parking storage group once volumes are unexported .
Candidate: this method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: convert the specified string to an input stream , encoded as bytes using the specified character encoding .
Candidate: convert the specified string to an input stream , encoded as bytes using the specified character encoding .
Reference: has the user chosen to export to pkcs # 8 ?
Candidate: returns whether functions should be shown .
Reference: generates a publickey instance from a string containing the base64 - encoded public key .
Candidate: generates a publickey instance from a string containing the base64 - encoded public key .
Reference: creates a new tick .
Candidate: creates a new tick .
Reference: determines whether the server can be stopped in - process , such as when a server is embedded in an application and the serverlauncher api is being used .
Candidate: the the state of the the given thread is running .
Reference: log a new message on the selected printstream with the given method and level . this is where all other ' log ' type methods in this class delegate to
Candidate: find a full message of a trace logging logger .
Reference: add a gossip member to the list of members to start with .
Candidate: marks member ' member ' member member member member member member member ' member ' member member ' member ' member ' member ' member ' member ' member member
Reference: returns if modifier is public . note that in our case modifier can be mix ( public and private for example ) .
Candidate: test public public public public public public public public public public public public public public public public public public public public public public public public public public public public public
Reference: generates a publickey instance from a string containing the base64 - encoded public key .
Candidate: generates a publickey instance from a string containing the base64 - encoded public key .
Reference: convert a userpreference genericvalue to a userprefmap .
Candidate: convert a userpreference genericvalue to a userprefmap .
Reference: clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above
Candidate: clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above
Reference: append a string in quotes
Candidate: add a a string pair to the .
Reference: delete a user and password from a file
Candidate: runs a connection from the given url .
Reference: logs error messages to the error logs .
Candidate: write a log message into a log level .
Reference: removes the provided processor from the internal processor queue .
Candidate: removes the specified of the provided .
Reference: clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above
Candidate: clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above
Reference: returns the animation type or 0 if cannot be found .
Candidate: returns the animation type or if or cannot be found .
Reference: append a string onto the vector .
Candidate: append a string onto the vector .
Reference: returns true it the passed method is contained in the also passed list of methods by also comparing matching parameters .
Candidate: finds method that returns method returns method returns method returns method returns method returns method returns method returns method returns method returns method returns method returns method returns method returns
Reference: delete a node from the graph . this update the underlying structure of the graph ( including dependencies ) via listeners updates .
Candidate: delete any dependencies from the graph structure .
Reference: responds to the update button - update to route table
Candidate: this method is called when the the is a an of the a file to the a new is the when the ' ' is a to add a new
Reference: returns a string representation of this object
Candidate: returns the contents of the receiver .
Reference: checks whether the xstream is present in the class path
Candidate: checks whether the koml is present in the path .
Reference: the real guts of parsenetworkresponse . broken out for readability .
Candidate: the real guts of parsenetworkresponse . broken out for readability .
Reference: compute the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors
Candidate: get the vectors of the supplied vectors .
Reference: get local batch size for this sequences .
Candidate: complete this ctor for getting row .
Reference: decodes an array of url safe 7 - bit characters into an array of original bytes . escaped characters are converted back to their original representation .
Candidate: decodes an array of bit characters into a original array of characters .
Reference: clear scrap views out of this recycler . detached views contained within a recycled view pool will remain .
Candidate: clears the cart state .
Reference: adds a dataset dynamically .
Candidate: adds a dataset dataset .
Reference: pass the call on to the underlying handler
Candidate: pass the call to the underlying handler
Reference: create a libvlc withs options
Candidate: create a libvlc withs options
Reference: adds a child to the display list at the specified index , bumping children at equal or greater indexes up one , and setting its parent to this container
Candidate: adds a child to the child container at the specified index . bumping children at the specified index greater than one indexes , up to the parent indexes .
Reference: calculate probability of data at descendants from node , given a color at the node ( ' partials ' ) , by a felsenstein - like pruning algorithm . (
Candidate: compute a image for a data ' s a image of a image .
Reference: dp . bottom - up row by row , use an array to store values
Candidate: converts a number to to display values to a color .
Reference: appends a json encoded key / value pair to the given string builder .
Candidate: appends a json encoded key / value pair to the given string builder .
Reference: creates a time object from a given date - if the date is between 1950 and 2049 a utctime object is generated , otherwise a generalizedtime is used .
Candidate: creates a time from a given date , if the date is between 1950 and 2049 a utctime object is generated , otherwise a generalizedtime is used .
Reference: creates a new dcheckupdate dialog .
Candidate: creates a new dupgradecryptostrength dialog .
Reference: simple , original brics implementation of brzozowski minimize ( )
Candidate: simple brics implementation of determinize ( )
Reference: if this item equals to the given object
Candidate: equals this object to the given object
Reference: adds the given column .
Candidate: adds a column to the table definition .
Reference: decode the base64 - encoded data in input and return the data in a new byte array . < p > the padding ' = ' characters at the end
Candidate: decode the base64 - encoded data in input and return the data in a new byte array . < p > the padding ' = ' characters at the end
Reference: check for nan values .
Candidate: compute the equation of the vectors .
Reference: fills a string buffer with spaces until it has at least the given length . not very efficient , basically used for debug output .
Candidate: for the start of [ ] .
Reference: open the file with appending mode . if the file exists already , a warning log is issued . if failed to create or open the file , a error
Candidate: according to the resources in the database .
Reference: calculates kernel value of vectors x and y .
Candidate: calculates kernel value of vectors x and y .
Reference: closes this stream . this implementation closes the target stream .
Candidate: closes the underlying source files . if occur occur if occur occur if occur occur occur occur occur if occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur occur
Reference: takes a list of files and writes it as a " file of file names " ( i . e . a file with one filepath on each line )
Candidate: takes a list of files as writes a " filepath on each of file i . e . each file one filepath on each line of filepath on each line
Reference: sets the " internal " flag on type ids which are defined in the dex file or within the vm ( e . g . primitive classes and arrays )
Candidate: sets the type of the arrays within the within the defined within the dex flag . e . g . = " = " . " . " . "
Reference: obtains the cosine of this angle .
Candidate: returns the trigonometric cosine of the specified angle .
Reference: how much of the variance is not explained by the regression
Candidate: devuelve the el de binario generado poniendo las posiciones de los de los de los de los de los de los de los de los de los de los de
Reference: this returns the number of available namespaces .
Candidate: returns the number of the in the .
Reference: append a character sequence to this writer .
Candidate: append a character sequence to this writer .
Reference: convert a timestamp to the string representation that wavefront will accept .
Candidate: return the date time as unix time .
Reference: gets the value of an attribute and remove it from the list .
Candidate: extracts utility method to parse the attribute value from the provided xsd :
Reference: copy the contents of this kim to a byte array .
Candidate: returns the copy of the specified byte array .
Reference: imports a key to the key chain . if key is present in the key chain , ignore it .
Candidate: returns the map containing the map containing the map in the map .
Reference: creates a new connection group tree using the given connection group as the tree root .
Candidate: create a new data for a given class , which will become a reversed number of a reversed data , which will be reversed reversed data .
Reference: determines if the given reader contains a single or multiple metrics .
Candidate: check whether the reader is running panes .
Reference: adds the button pressed listener .
Candidate: add a listener sashform listener .
Reference: gets content from metatag
Candidate: gets content from metatag .
Reference: removes the given columns
Candidate: removes the given columns .
Reference: read g11nsettings service config data from sms
Candidate: normalizes the nickname to the admin server and handles rewriting nickname .
Reference: read key mapping from default preferences for context
Candidate: check if auto scanning has been changed .
Reference: add the types that are inherited by this class .
Candidate: the method that might require two consecutive instances might instances are made .
Reference: multiply histogram by scalar .
Candidate: histogram scalar to histogram .
Reference: paint it . coordinates based on wfcontentpanel .
Candidate: get dependent dependent together rectangle on the rectangle .
Reference: adds participants to all shared deployments .
Candidate: iterate for the given topic
Reference: convert a map to json text . the result is a json object . if this map is also a jsonaware , jsonaware specific behaviours will be omitted at this
Candidate: convert a list to json text . this map is also a jsonaware , jsonaware specific behaviours will be omitted at this
Reference: prints the message and context .
Candidate: prints the message and context .
Reference: returns the number of method invoked so far .
Candidate: returns the number of bytes so far .
Reference: helper method to associate request ids to shared preference keys
Candidate: helper method to associate request ids to shared preference keys
Reference: saves the post managenameid service .
Candidate: saves the service for the post service .
Reference: attempts to start the play store activity for the update page of this app , and returns success or failure .
Candidate: after the app after the user .
Reference: returns a handle denoting the class member identified by its scope .
Candidate: returns the scope denoting the member identified by the scope identified by the given scope .
Reference: covert list of files to relative paths
Candidate: prepare a list of files facets for all facets files .
Reference: utility routine that sets a security manager if one isn ' t already present .
Candidate: attempts to manager manager manager manager manager manager manager . if there is currently in the manager .
Reference: get conversion rate . previously : c_currency_rate - now : currencyrate
Candidate: load - static variable
Reference: performs interaction between client ' s httpsurlconnection and servers side ( serversocket ) . server will response with specified response code .
Candidate: performs interaction - httpsurlconnection ' s httpsurlconnection from servers servers . servers . servers . servers . servers . servers . servers . servers . servers . servers . servers
Reference: generates a unique engine id . the engine id unicity is based on the host ip address and port . the ip address used is the localhost one . the
Candidate: generates the engine id based on the ip address and the the engine .
Reference: parses rules xml file
Candidate: serialize a list of rules from a list .
Reference: dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used
Candidate: dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used
Reference: encrypts the given wss xml element in a given xml context document .
Candidate: searches the original value for use across the given dom and generate the attribute value generate the original value generate the dom value for generate the attribute value .
Reference: add an issue during transformation . duplicate issues will be detected and stored only once . this is typically called by the specific transformation subclass .
Candidate: add an issue during the specific transformation . duplicate detected . this is typically called by the specific transformation subclass will be detected and stored by the specific subclass .
Reference: inserts node at given index .
Candidate: inserts all children at several children . reindex is done onl once . must not be done after not added .
Reference: creates the ntlm hash of the user ' s password .
Candidate: creates the ntlm hash with the password ' s password .
Reference: helper method to check that a value is between 0 and 1 and display a warning if not .
Candidate: set view to set
Reference: this method operates on the internal string representation of parameter values and replaces macro expressions of the form % { macroname } .
Candidate: export text field
Reference: x . powequals ( ) calculates the power of each element of the matrix . the result is stored in this matrix object again .
Candidate: compute the logequals ( i hexes . e .
Reference: converts a name like " outputbyteinputtablecodingloop " to a list of words : { " output " , " byte " , " input " , " table " ,
Candidate: convert the first word into a word .
Reference: use an xpath string to select a nodelist namespace prefix is resolved using the the specified context .
Candidate: initializes the xpath tags from the xpath namespace .
Reference: constructs a result file entry with the specified non - dominated population and auxiliary properties .
Candidate: constructs a non - result entry with the specified file dominated . auxiliary properties .
Reference: generates xml for locators in the distributed system
Candidate: helper handler processing handler .
Reference: instantiates a new type instance .
Candidate: searches titles searches titles searches titles searches titles searches titles searches titles titles searches titles titles searches titles titles searches titles titles searches titles titles searches titles titles searches titles
Reference: close window ( or reload page if in debug mode )
Candidate: responds to the canceladd actions
Reference: applies the properties without saving them .
Candidate: this method is called under the parameters under the generated under the on the of the global parameter .
Reference: rotates the subtree so that its root ' s right child is the new root .
Candidate: rotates the subtree so that its root ' s right child is the new root .
Reference: add node to the group .
Candidate: adds the node node node node node node . adds node node to execute node .
Reference: check to see if the given backup set already exists in the backup store .
Candidate: check if the path is empty set .
Reference: returns a value as a string array . the values are separated by commas with optional quotes and white space .
Candidate: copy a specific copy of a specific object . .
Reference: write a string without compression
Candidate: write a string to the output stream .
Reference: returns a map of model accession to a threshold record .
Candidate: get the bind command line ( ref ) . ready .
Reference: shutdown all attached resources without waiting on the thread
Candidate: shut down the background flag .
Reference: converts drawing coordinates to view coordinates .
Candidate: calculates the log likelihood of the given point .
Reference: this method is called once the pircbot has successfully connected to the irc server . < p > the implementation of this method in the pircbot abstract class performs no
Candidate: called with the socket with the with the socket .
Reference: add a setup descriptor .
Candidate: appends the exception descriptors to the output stream .
Reference: check whether the cidr address contains the ip address
Candidate: compares if conditional ip token with field .
Reference: compiles a progress success action . < p > context - dependent ; uses thread environment .
Candidate: this method to capitalize all non special parsers . e . g .
Reference: returns a string with all float values concatenated by a specified separator .
Candidate: returns a string containing all elements concatenated by the specified separator .
Reference: put an unsigned byte into the specified bytebuffer at the current position
Candidate: put the unsigned short into a byte buffer .
Reference: returns the number of the prameters included in the given descriptor .
Candidate: returns the number of the prameters for the given character .
Reference: optimize ( remove empty rows ) from the given trie and return the resulting trie .
Candidate: constructs a list of the given trie .
Reference: is all denied boolean .
Candidate: has denied permission .
Reference: returns returns a key for all the col names , for better readability if the names got cut off .
Candidate: returns all names for the names col , returns better names for readability , cut , cut got cut , cut cut fields .
Reference: completes this builder by creating the formatter .
Candidate: create a - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - year -
Reference: synchronously waits for external store to be mounted ( eg : sd card ) .
Candidate: check if the device is available .
Reference: append a node onto the vector .
Candidate: append a node onto the vector .
Reference: installs the given apk on the device .
Candidate: this the given of the given file .
Reference: reads an input stream into a list of byte values .
Candidate: reads from an input stream values stream stream stream stream stream stream stream stream stream stream stream stream stream stream stream stream stream stream stream stream stream stream stream stream
Reference: uninstall package and clear data of app silent by root
Candidate: uninstall package and clear the of data silent by root
Reference: opens a list for playback
Candidate: registers the new to the entity
Reference: adds the provided user friendly names .
Candidate: adds a user to friendly .
Reference: schedule a task for repeated fixed - rate execution after a specific time has been reached .
Candidate: schedule a task for repeated fixed rate execution after a specific time has been reached .
Reference: tests stepping backwards through a reversed range with a closure .
Candidate: tests stepping through a reversed range with a closure .
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: this method will check the digits before dot with the max precision allowed
Candidate: returns the max allowed value .
Reference: this method deserializes the supplied document .
Candidate: creates an xml document .
Reference: append given name / value pairs as query parameters to the base url < p > the params argument is interpreted as a sequence of name / value pairs so
Candidate: append the given url to the given url . < p / > params .
Reference: sends a message to the testrunneragent
Candidate: clears the content of these controls .
Reference: it will create the jms configurations
Candidate: prints the log to the given format .
Reference: returns the next revision .
Candidate: re any iterator of the first row encoded time .
Reference: add selection column to first tab
Candidate: shows list list list list list list .
Reference: indexes the data values for the given field name for each tuple in the provided iterator . these values are used to construct an internal data structure allowing fast searches
Candidate: searches the data indexes in the column . indexes indexes indexes indexes indexes indexes indexes indexes indexes indexes indexes indexes indexes indexes indexes indexes indexes indexes indexes indexes indexes indexes
Reference: close outputstream without a exception
Candidate: close outputstream without a exception
Reference: adds the specified listener to the internal list of listeners .
Candidate: add a new listener to the list of listeners .
Reference: returns false for the idpplegalidentity container .
Candidate: returns true if bootpath should be shown in the preferences .
Reference: methods for starting asynchronous execution .
Candidate: methods used for asynchronous parent methods . starting by all child methods to the parent methods . execution .
Reference: renames the file underlying this cache span to update its last access time .
Candidate: renames the span to access its time to its update .
Reference: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Candidate: unpacks the compressed character translation table .
Reference: launches the associated application to open the file . < p > if the specified file is a directory , the file manager of the current platform is launched to
Candidate: creates a buffered image to the file file .
Reference: converting iso8601 formatted duration to normal readable time
Candidate: note : remove all special case : case case case case case case case case case case case case case case case case case case case case case case case
Reference: toggle the selection status of the item at a given position
Candidate: toggle the selection status of the item at the given position
Reference: fired when the scheduler begins to tick , before any tasks are processed .
Candidate: called when the tx is tweak targetmbpersec .
Reference: cannot map from a byte
Candidate: returns a copy of the char buffer .
Reference: after rotating , the matrix needs to be translated . this function finds the area of image which was previously centered and adjusts translations so that is again the center
Candidate: after rotating , the matrix needs to be translated . this function finds the area of image which was previously centered and adjusts translations so that is again the center
Reference: invokes the wrapped producer method .
Candidate: get the object of consecutive parameters .
Reference: return a non - conflicting safe name if name is a ruby built - in .
Candidate: convert a css name into a fraction / channel channel .
Reference: creates a new issue matcher and adds it to this matcher .
Candidate: adds a new to the given project . adds it to the given project . adds it to the given project . adds it to the project that creates adds
Reference: finds the scope for a bean producing declaration , either a method or a type .
Candidate: builds the annotation annotation annotation annotation annotation .
Reference: java wrapper for windows registry api regopenkey ( )
Candidate: java wrapper for windows api regclosekey ( ) .
Reference: remove the provided listener from the receiver .
Candidate: removes a listener for the list of listeners .
Reference: advances the iterator backwards , to the last boundary preceding this one .
Candidate: returns the iterator to the specified position .
Reference: creates a new imagereplacedelement and scales it to the size specified if either width or height has a valid value ( values are > - 1 ) , otherwise original
Candidate: creates a new instance that computes the context that is empty discoverable on the provided circle .
Reference: determines whether a compound name is a prefix of this compound name . a compound name ' n ' is a prefix if it is equal to getprefix ( n
Candidate: returns whether the given name has the given type .
Reference: create method of parameterized type , substituting original parameters with type arguments .
Candidate: defines a sort filter for given constant given types .
Reference: invokeall ( c ) returns results of all completed tasks in c
Candidate: completed submit ( callable ) .
Reference: creates a new listener object .
Candidate: do references .
Reference: sign a digest with this key .
Candidate: generates an certificate of the certificate .
Reference: creates time interval [ starttime , endtime ) if times are not null . creates time interval ( - inf , endtime ) if start time is null . creates
Candidate: constructs time time time time time time time time containing time time time time transformations . < p / > time precise time containing time time transformations transformations .
Reference: create and return a new edit menu for this network panel .
Candidate: internal imports world hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy
Reference: removes the given listener from the list of listeners .
Candidate: removes the given listener from the list of listeners .
Reference: called to update the current model keepevery states .
Candidate: throws all elements that are over all runtimeexception of the runtimeexception . throws runtimeexception that isn ' t t
Reference: is it a bom
Candidate: check if the old element is
Reference: returns whether the object is signed or not .
Candidate: put sub - value entry . this method determines digest ?
Reference: parse a text representation of a json data structure
Candidate: parse a string representation of the structure of the rules .
Reference: the number of parts in this multipart body .
Candidate: return the number of parts in this multipart body .
Reference: generate a simple doublevector database from a file .
Candidate: creates the list of all mappings the creates the completed files . creates the given thread . creates the given thread .
Reference: add filter ( s ) for possible types to the input file chooser .
Candidate: create a new unknown .
Reference: unbinds the in - app billing service .
Candidate: if the cannot be considered anymore , so it will be anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore anymore
Reference: returns null if there is nothing left .
Candidate: gets the next element item .
Reference: metodo encargado de borrar todos los usuarios asociados a un determinado organo , siempre y cuando este organo se encuentre en estado vigente .
Candidate: updates the state of the given topic .
Reference: helper method for getintermedatelayers . add the " next layer down " in the hierarchy .
Candidate: create create create create create create create create create its create its binary models depending on the group being needed to create create create create create create create create create
Reference: shiftright ( int n ) , n < 0
Candidate: shiftright a negative number ; shift distance is not shifted ;
Reference: ignorm : inverse gain normalization
Candidate: create a step in the specified string . < p / take filenames = " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
Reference: finds the first non - whitespace character starting at index .
Candidate: trims a whitespace from the given string .
Reference: reads the next encoded content from the encoded input stream . the method must be used for reading a primitive encoded content .
Candidate: reads the next encoded content from the input stream .
Reference: creates an object that represents a primitive value of the type associated with the specified primitive wrapper object .
Candidate: creates a new array of type .
Reference: convenience method that creates a pair of related debits and credits for cash based accounting . the target accounts for debits and credits are switched in case of a reversal
Candidate: creates a message of the given message with the given offset and the pair of the given message .
Reference: reads a sequence of bytes from this file into the given buffer . < p > < p > bytes are read starting at this file ' s current position
Candidate: load bytes bytes into bytes bytes into bytes into bytes bytes . < p bytes bytes into bytes from this file into bytes from this file into this file into
Reference: clears the time portion of this calendar instance ; useful utility where it makes sense to compare month / day / year only portions of a calendar .
Candidate: clear calendar calendar calendar day day day day day day day day day day calendar calendar calendar calendar calendar calendar calendar calendar calendar calendar calendar calendar calendar calendar calendar calendar
Reference: returns the probability distribution function .
Candidate: returns the probability distribution function .
Reference: converts an integer to a string , and appends it to the given buffer . < p > this method is optimized for converting small values to strings .
Candidate: appends the given value to the log buffer .
Reference: draw the 12 text values at the positions specified by the textgrid parameters .
Candidate: draw the text at the text positions . the size of the lines positions .
Reference: test de busqueda active directory con limite
Candidate: test de busqueda con atributos
Reference: handle the input virtualkeycode and transitionstate , create event and add it to the inputbuffer
Candidate: create the input transitionstate create the input and add it to create inputbuffer
Reference: returns the hashcode for the object . this must be defined here to ensure 100 % pure .
Candidate: gets a hashcode for this graph .
Reference: strips leading period from a string ( example : input - > " . ext " , output - > " ext " )
Candidate: returns the string of the given string .
Reference: check if the passed in directory is required to be present in the configuration data set .
Candidate: returns true if the given configuration is present in a directory .
Reference: creates the instance of ssl v3 connection state . all of the security parameters are provided by session object .
Candidate: creates the of algorithm . . . . . . . . . .
Reference: calculate matrix for fit_center
Candidate: calculate matrix for fit_center
Reference: removes empty labels and assigns ids to non - empty labels .
Candidate: removes all highlighting from the label .
Reference: rotate theta degrees about the z axis
Candidate: rotate theta degrees about the axis
Reference: convert a time in milliseconds in utc to the nanoseconds since midnight ( in the default timezone ) .
Candidate: return the utc utc utc datetime in millis .
Reference: perform an asynchronous max operation
Candidate: perform an asynchronous min operation
Reference: create the httpsclient , returns a balancedwebresource that can be used the same way a webresource is .
Candidate: creates a hash code for a given algorithm .
Reference: creates a new type signature with the given amount of array nesting added to the given type signature .
Candidate: returns a printable type of the given type .
Reference: writes the new line text to the underlying writer
Candidate: writes the xml to the output stream as the writer .
Reference: increase the underlying buffer array in size , so that the new size is at least minsize
Candidate: ensures that the internal structures is able to compute the internal structures with the given bytes in the case structures .
Reference: creates split on enumerated attribute .
Candidate: validate the conversion method and makes the validate and tests validate and returns it ' s test if the attributes and computes the value and computes the result and computes
Reference: determine whether it is loaded more
Candidate: determine if the loaded file loaded due to the loaded server .
Reference: add a new worker only if there are no idle worker .
Candidate: adds a new worker constraint to the idle condition .
Reference: removes the node at the head of the frontier , adds the corresponding state to the explored set , and returns the node .
Candidate: removes the node of the explored node to the explored set of the frontier , and returns the corresponding state if the explored set .
Reference: base64 encode the given data .
Candidate: converts base64 encoded data string to the string array .
Reference: creates a bitmap font with the given arguments and places said font in the cache
Candidate: create a new control point on a given point .
Reference: determines if the name of the memory pool mxbean provided matches a list of known tenured pool names . package private for testing .
Candidate: tells whether the symbol is defined in a filename .
Reference: returns a simple string representation of the dataset with the type and the number of entries .
Candidate: returns a string representation of the dataset with the type and the number of entries .
Reference: directive for the compiler that the given callable should only be executed in the interpreter .
Candidate: callable inside callable inside a callable .
Reference: tokenizes the given string into string tokens .
Candidate: tokenizes tokens into the given string .
Reference: creates a selector for a given protocol . the proxy will be taken from the settings and installed on the dispatch selector .
Candidate: send the proxy server into the server server .
Reference: adds given line to the header .
Candidate: adds the given header to the given header .
Reference: reads an external skeleton file from a bufferedreader .
Candidate: load lines from the given reader .
Reference: detects the presence of genetic non - monogamy within an set of families
Candidate: detects the set of genetic of the set of genetic set of families .
Reference: creates a vao for the scene .
Candidate: creates a vao for the scene .
Reference: returns boolean indicating whether this file contains the content value .
Candidate: makes true if this file is live on this file is live file is live on a file i . e . if the file is already added to the
Reference: load up an image from the given file , where only the off character is known . pads short lines with offchar .
Candidate: decodes a file file on file file file file file file file file ' file ' file file on file file file / file file on file . on file
Reference: when receipt is cancelled the status of the receipt in egdmcollectedreceipts is updated as cancelled .
Candidate: use to ensure decorated
Reference: add animations to the target view . the view ' s id is used as key .
Candidate: add an add to to the choreographer and add it to
Reference: if discovery fails , then mark the system as unreachable . the discovery framework will remove the storage system from the database .
Candidate: mark discovery from discovery fails , unreachable . the discovery framework will remove the storage system then remove the storage system from the database .
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: encodes the application data into ssl / tls record . if handshake status of the engine differs from not_handshaking the operation can work without consuming of the source data .
Candidate: encrypts the engine without ssl / tls data engine can work can work can work can work can work work without not_handshaking / ssl / ssl / ssl / ssl
Reference: performs intialization of the scheme .
Candidate: adds a span of span span .
Reference: checks if string has a length in a certain range .
Candidate: compares the sequence of characters within the sequence . note that the only guarantee that exactly the string of the string .
Reference: recursively listen for file system events in the specified path name .
Candidate: run a file file specified file specified file .
Reference: this method adds a new property criteria .
Candidate: add a property value to this method .
Reference: remove the column represented by its name
Candidate: remove column column at the column column .
Reference: check unmanaged protection set exists in db
Candidate: check if the exists exists in db in db in db
Reference: put string to byte [ ]
Candidate: put string to byte [ ]
Reference: runs query check result .
Candidate: for query .
Reference: atomically updates the current value with the results of applying the given function , returning the updated value . the function should be side - effect - free , since
Candidate: atomically updates the results of the given field managed by this updater with the results of applying the results of the function results .
Reference: close the window immediately and cleanup .
Candidate: closes the binary stream .
Reference: figure out if this data service is considered to be highly utilized , in which case the ds should shed some index partitions . < p > note : we
Candidate: allows the state state to the current state state .
Reference: generates a publickey instance from a string containing the base64 - encoded public key .
Candidate: generates a publickey instance from a string containing the base64 - encoded public key .
Reference: converts all throwable arguments to its message if the message is not null
Candidate: helper method to extract arguments from arguments arguments arguments .
Reference: utility method computing the size of the widget if dimensions are set to wrap_content , using the default font
Candidate: this method to take the text of the specified string , and the text .
Reference: create a new rafdirectory for the named location . the directory is created at the named location if it does not yet exist .
Candidate: create a new windowsdirectory for the named location .
Reference: if " minutes " is not currently present in " values " , we add an appropriate new entry to values and labels .
Candidate: replace discretization of at least one line of several symbols in the given index .
Reference: recompose the top level variable and parameter declarations .
Candidate: recompose the top variable level parameter declarations .
Reference: this method gets called when a bound property is changed .
Candidate: this property bound property for the user replacements .
Reference: clone and sort the array , if not already sorted .
Candidate: return the minimum of all values of the in the order .
Reference: execute update based on the sql statement given
Candidate: execute the given sql statement based on the sql update
Reference: add some text to the page .
Candidate: calculate the based based based based based based
Reference: initialize , download the regex info into cache
Candidate: drop the database from the database .
Reference: adds the given indices .
Candidate: adds the specified set of the specified .
Reference: gets property value of " com . iplanet . am . cookie . secure "
Candidate: methods the methods part of the apps composite methods connected methods by a good subclass for a composite methods .
Reference: load object definitions from json stream .
Candidate: load a python object from the object object which will return them from a python object object handling which will return them will be parsed from python python object object
Reference: for the reduction of location path parts , create a list of all the multistep paths with more than one step , sorted by the number of steps , with
Candidate: create the reduction of path for the path reduction , parts of the multistep paths , with more than one step , sorted
Reference: add weighting coefficients to the decoded word - length information .
Candidate: decode word word for quantization word for word quantization word for word quantization word for word quantization word for word quantization word for word quantization word for word quantization word
Reference: updatefunctionalitytest2 # testupdate3 ( ) . deletes all referencing rows and then updates referenced one
Candidate: updatefunctionalitytest2 # testupdate3 ( ) . deletes all referencing rows and then
Reference: prune away exceptional out edges that are not reachable given this block ' s instructions .
Candidate: runs a block block on a input block out that we support out that input block out that we support out that we support out that we support out that
Reference: run a single iteration of the gls - sod modeling step
Candidate: compute the distance of the two objects are on the dimension of .
Reference: returns the text matched by the current regular expression .
Candidate: returns the text matched by the current regular expression .
Reference: mark file we just uploaded for cleanup later . we do not immediately delete the file for testing reasons , but if marking the file fails , we do delete
Candidate: clears the size size and clears the size size .
Reference: return a spaced fingerprint representation of this hexdigest . ex : 1e0f 5874 2268 e82f c600 d81d 9064 07c5 7cc2 c3a7
Candidate: build a string to the string .
Reference: parse the content type in the provided bytes . it looks for a single byte in the provided bytes starting at the specified off . < p > if successful
Candidate: returns the bytes of the written to the specified of bytes written to the stream .
Reference: no cache for deserialized strings , each string is an own instance .
Candidate: test the xml encoding .
Reference: decode the base 64 encoded string data writing it to the given output stream , whitespace characters will be ignored .
Candidate: decode the base 64 encoded string data writing it to the given output stream , whitespace characters will be
Reference: same as lineto , but the coordinates are considered relative to the last point on this contour . if there is no previous point , then a moveto ( 0
Candidate: removes the last from the beginning of the the last relative to the last y , if the last is not the last set , if the last is not
Reference: outputs the conflicts found in the workspace in the following format : < p / > tfstest_01 / addfold / testhere2 : the item content has changed tfstest_01 / testadd
Candidate: when executable when the given executable is returned when the given values . when the given executable is returned executable .
Reference: write the start to the specified output stream
Candidate: write the data to the end of the output stream .
Reference: add to actual qty
Candidate: add a packet to be uploaded .
Reference: is the character a vowel ?
Candidate: determines whether the given character is a vowel or not .
Reference: creates one buffer for the camera preview callback . the size of the buffer is based off of the camera preview size and the format of the camera image .
Candidate: creates the buffer for the camera preview size and the size of the camera preview callback .
Reference: submits task to execution pool
Candidate: submits task to execution pool
Reference: print the stack trace for a sqlexception to a specified printwriter .
Candidate: prints the stack trace to the specified print writer .
Reference: creates game objects and adds them to the world .
Candidate: creates a a nodes for a given nodes .
Reference: readdata - - input the modbus message from din . if there was a header , such as for modbus / tcp , it will have been read already .
Candidate: readdata reset / read / reset / reset / reset / reset / reset / reset / reset / reset / reset / reset / reset / reset / reset
Reference: removes the element at the specified position in this list . shifts any subsequent elements to the left ( subtracts one from their indices ) . returns the element that
Candidate: removes all of the elements from the specified element from this queue . < p > the this will be in the specified element that is at the specified is
Reference: create edges for this demo graph
Candidate: create edges for demo demo graph demo demo
Reference: uses the pagination parameters form the request and makes sure to order the result and set all pagination attributes for the response to render
Candidate: get the position of the two tabs and the the
Reference: builds a single row of components in the panel .
Candidate: helper method that can be used to convert the tag of inclusion in a symbol tag . note that can be used to the different platforms can be used to
Reference: adds additional target elements . if the user hovers over any of the target elements , the tooltip will appear .
Candidate: add the elements to the builder hovers over the specified .
Reference: adds a cubic curve to the bezier path . < p > this is a convenience method for adding a node with control point c0 and c1 ( incoming curve
Candidate: adds an arc to a set of cubic , radii cubic , the first time , the second
Reference: divide : rounding mode is round_up , result is negative
Candidate: divide : rounding mode is round_up , result is positive
Reference: writemetabits must be called after all allocations have been made , the last one being the allocation for the metabits themselves ( allowing for an extension ! ) . ticket
Candidate: sends an address to be used for getting random mode .
Reference: create a stream to read from the counter file
Candidate: opens the log file the output stream
Reference: create a new compositepredicate .
Candidate: create a new compositepredicate .
Reference: read the next word from the parsed sentence .
Candidate: parse a list of a list of .
Reference: provides a java string literal representing the parameter string . this includes surrounding double quotes , and quoted special characters , including utf escape sequences when necessary . < p
Candidate: prints a string representation of the string .
Reference: determine if a file or directory exists .
Candidate: determine if a file or directory exists .
Reference: method that generates all large item sets with a minimum support , and from these all association rules with a minimum metric ( i . e . confidence , lift
Candidate: this implementation doesn ' t exist .
Reference: float value of a negative bigdecimal
Candidate: float value of a negative bigdecimal
Reference: replaces the very first occurrence of a substring with supplied string .
Candidate: replaces a occurrence of a substring in the case of a string .
Reference: prevent initializing this class .
Candidate: don ' t ' t need to create others .
Reference: add the name of the class to methodize
Candidate: add an object to methodize
Reference: return the first child element returns the first element .
Candidate: return the first child element the first element .
Reference: the main program for the htmltest class
Candidate: main helper function for writing the demo application . this function .
Reference: returns the hashcode for the raw string .
Candidate: returns the exclusive interval in the exclusive interval . the exclusive the exclusive the exclusive the exclusive the exclusive the exclusive the exclusive interval the exclusive code code . the
Reference: tests the functionality of the method , which allows to add all helper text colors , which are contained by an array .
Candidate: tests the functionality of a collection , which allows contained by a collection .
Reference: applies max norm to the histogram .
Candidate: the the norm histogram .
Reference: adds a graphic to the overlay .
Candidate: adds a graphic to the overlay .
Reference: writes the given message to the specified file . the message is either appended or replaces the current content of the file .
Candidate: writes a file to the file .
Reference: returns the hash code for this imagetypespecifier .
Candidate: this a hash code for a immediate address . if the address is a different address is null , if the same address is a different address , and the
Reference: returns a random number between start ( inclusive ) and end ( inclusive ) .
Candidate: returns a random number between a start ( inclusive ) and exclusive ) .
Reference: writes the given bytes .
Candidate: writes a contents ' s input stream .
Reference: handles updating the system locale . < p > only used on api > = 15 to work around language issues with google tts .
Candidate: handles try to calculate the view to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try
Reference: look for a convex polygon at the specified edge . if we find it , create one and adjust the edge buffer .
Candidate: a a class on a host .
Reference: retrieve an keymap instance by its key .
Candidate: find an keymap instance by key .
Reference: tells if a offset or time zone is gmt . gmt is a fuzzy term , it used to referred both to utc and ut1 .
Candidate: utility method signature : : signature i ' e sequences , ' = true ' not ( not " " " " " " " " " " " "
Reference: transforms a string that represents a uri into something more proper , by adding or canonicalizing the protocol .
Candidate: transforms a string that represents a uri into something more proper , by adding or canonicalizing the protocol .
Reference: removes the mapping from the specified key , if there was any .
Candidate: removes the mapping from the specified key .
Reference: called while highlighting a single result , to append the whole matched token to the provided fragments list .
Candidate: print the for the rrd file for the training arff file
Reference: start the timer to make sure processing doesn ' t take too long .
Candidate: start the start of the start .
Reference: extract a single row from a table . this returns an array of objects each of which is an array of length 1 .
Candidate: recursively computes the local of target procedure .
Reference: removes all characters contained in provided string .
Candidate: replaces all occurrences of the specified string .
Reference: adds all available table columns to the query as generated keys .
Candidate: initialize the table table . columnindexes to the table .
Reference: loads the token frequencies from the database .
Candidate: loads the database from the database .
Reference: copy the input stream to the output stream .
Candidate: americanize the hasword or .
Reference: initiates the streams drawer if the streams in the drawer is 0 .
Candidate: clears the interceptor lists maintained by this processor .
Reference: test for verifying [ jackson - 72 ] .
Candidate: test method that handles two two vars in the same format .
Reference: creates a copy of the given component and its hierarchy
Candidate: creates the provided vertices and adds them to the provided . .
Reference: compute the zeta constant needed for the distribution . do this incrementally for a distribution that has n items now but used to have st items . use the zipfian
Candidate: returns the zeta of the squared distribution .
Reference: the method return bigdecimal
Candidate: let git packet to let occur to let occur to let occur to let occur to let occur to let occur to let occur to let occur to let occur
Reference: loads the user profile
Candidate: this loads the profile of the user
Reference: scroll the selected item
Candidate: multiplies the the on the ranking on the given position .
Reference: generates a device - and invocation - specific seed to be mixed into the linux prng .
Candidate: generates a device - and invocation - specific seed to be mixed into the linux prng .
Reference: determines whether the text of a symbol requires ( single ) quotes .
Candidate: check if the given string is a unique value .
Reference: parse out the commitcounter from the file name .
Candidate: looks a a file with the given name .
Reference: loads a xml document from a file and returns the corresponding dom document .
Candidate: loads the xml dom representing a dom document .
Reference: returns a new comment attached to an empty node
Candidate: get the next of utils .
Reference: returns true if the given employee is an hod
Candidate: returns true if the policy pandas and pandasql can take a getter policy .
Reference: build a munger that will load only a single label per entity . note that if there isn ' t a label in one of the languages then there will
Candidate: build a munger that the build .
Reference: returns an array of stat values that match the specified spec . if nothing matches then an empty array is returned .
Candidate: reads an integer identifier from the input stream .
Reference: recursively assigns numbers to the nodes in the tree .
Candidate: generates the instructions for the given of nodes .
Reference: close the current subpath by appending a straight line from the current point to the subpath ' s starting point .
Candidate: intersect the gstate ' s current clip using the current clip and make the result ' s the clip ' s current clip ' s current clip ' s current
Reference: instantiates a new tv show episode scrape task .
Candidate: instantiates a new tv show episode scrape task .
Reference: save selection & return selecion query or " "
Candidate: save selection & return selecion query or " "
Reference: constructs a modelmbeannotificationinfo object with a default descriptor .
Candidate: creates an accountable with the given name . description .
Reference: clean - up all resources and files allocated for the given build task .
Candidate: cancel a task task task .
Reference: create a temporary directory that is a child of the given directory
Candidate: create a temporary that is a child of the given directory
Reference: return the host uri , as a string .
Candidate: return the host uri as a string .
Reference: performs a translation so the center of this bounding box will be at ( loncenter | latcenter ) .
Candidate: let the x - line and y values in the given index .
Reference: call sendevent to track an occurrence of a named event .
Candidate: add a print handler to the start . < p / > this method sends an event .
Reference: tell the table something is pressed .
Candidate: connect to the labels to the drop panel .
Reference: create a list of count 16 - byte records .
Candidate: returns the list of the list .
Reference: add the given attributes to this params if they are not already present .
Candidate: add the attributes to the list of attributes .
Reference: recompose the attribute - set declarations .
Candidate: recompose the attribute - set declarations .
Reference: splits the given string using the given regex as delimiters . this method is the same as the string . split ( ) method ( except it throws the results
Candidate: splits the given string to the given string .
Reference: deletes the backed - up db directory . note that a directory can be deleted only if there are no files in it
Candidate: generate the file exports in the directory .
Reference: specialized version of find to get last valid node .
Candidate: specialized find find find find find find find find find find find find find find find find find find find find find find find find find find find find find
Reference: invoked to pass stream data . the data passed should not include 4 byte nal unit prefixes .
Candidate: pass the passed data to include the start code . 3 .
Reference: counts the size of a directory recursively ( sum of the length of all files ) .
Candidate: counts the size of a directory recursively ( sum of the length of all files ) .
Reference: pans the view provided by this display in absolute ( i . e . item - space ) coordinates .
Candidate: pans the item in this view in absolute coordinates . i . e .
Reference: verifies that serialization preserves equals and hashcode . serializes the object , then recovers it and checks equals and hash code .
Candidate: verify against against null .
Reference: returns the url of the product wiki page .
Candidate: returns the version of product wiki page .
Reference: called to notify that a consumption has finished .
Candidate: called to notify that a consumption has finished .
Reference: gets the average from a list of numbers .
Candidate: returns all iterations of the energy iterations .
Reference: convert a byte array to hexadecimal
Candidate: converts a string to encode into a byte array .
Reference: initializes an input stream from a url .
Candidate: initializes an input stream from an url .
Reference: removes the enable fullscreen runnable from the ui queue and runs it immediately .
Candidate: works until decode browser works usually browser browser browser browser browser browser browser browser browser browser browser browser browser browser browser browser browser browser browser browser browser browser browser browser
Reference: find the html entity and convert it back to a regular character if the entity exists , otherwise return the same string .
Candidate: helper method that assumes that the given character is a fully eq .
Reference: writes vector of opaque values
Candidate: writes vector of opaque values
Reference: unlock user interface . called from the worker when processing is done
Candidate: starts from the input
Reference: build a map of uri to cached storagesystem for the underlying arrays .
Candidate: build a map of the to build the track of the target .
Reference: password based encryption using aes - cbc 256 bits .
Candidate: encryption bits .
Reference: gets wifis by bssid
Candidate: return a list of stored database into a database .
Reference: find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
Reference: deinstalls the editor for the kit .
Candidate: called when the content framework represents the content of the the observable tree observable has been created .
Reference: actions a pull event
Candidate: actions a pull event
Reference: check if sip transport uses tls . ring should always use srtp if tls is enabled .
Candidate: checks whether this protocol is secure protocol .
Reference: keep a record as a sample , with certain probability . this method is designed to uniformly sample all records of a table under the situation where the total number
Candidate: adds a sample to the given sample .
Reference: prepares tenantcreateparam class filled with information from given tenant .
Candidate: creates a coprhd snapshot wrapper for a given openstack type .
Reference: not really any good way to convince java to do this , so i ' m just gonna throw it directly .
Candidate: asserts that the default term can be used for the same bug ( as empty ) .
Reference: call this function to draw the node highlighted .
Candidate: updates the node in the node in the node .
Reference: used to retrieve an imageencoder for a specific image format .
Candidate: constructs a new instance of the specified class .
Reference: use for apply pinchzoom functionality to your imageview
Candidate: apply your functionality pinchzoom functionality to your imageview
Reference: empirical unconditional hilbert - schmidt dependence measure for x and y given z using incomplete cholesky decomposition to approximate gram matrices
Candidate: empirical unconditional hilbert - schmidt incomplete x - gram marker .
Reference: parses a file option , uses default if option is missing .
Candidate: parses a file option option option option , if option is missing .
Reference: are the lines accounting balanced
Candidate: read the source of
Reference: ensures that the receiver can hold at least the specified number of elements without needing to allocate new internal memory . if necessary , allocates new internal memory and increases
Candidate: ensures that the external least the number of the elements of the large number of the given number of the given number of the large number of the large .
Reference: get the name of the message bundle to use when getting the message for the specified method
Candidate: finds the fitness method for the specified distinguished by the parameters .
Reference: do all required cleanup now that we ' re finished with the currently - open . zip
Candidate: close the output stream .
Reference: locks the queue for read / write access .
Candidate: adds an item to the user .
Reference: creates a statement interceptor to monitor query response times
Candidate: run a new interceptor using a new instance .
Reference: deletes a solrdocument with the given id .
Candidate: helper method to return the documents of the specified id .
Reference: lets the user select a props file for changing the database connection parameters .
Candidate: this method is correct the response is either the correct shares selection or case .
Reference: load client object client details entity .
Candidate: create a broker achievement broker to this achievement broker .
Reference: adds the named event property backed by the named accessor field .
Candidate: adds a new name to the given name .
Reference: this method parses the given pattern into segments seperated by wildcard ' * ' characters . since wildcards are not being used in this case , the pattern consists of
Candidate: appends the given pattern array . this class .
Reference: encodes the baggage to strings to set as environment variables , which will then be picked up in a child process
Candidate: extract a property value from the strings .
Reference: the graphical representation of a series .
Candidate: the graphical representation of a series .
Reference: start receiving the modlog for the given channel ( username ) . the token is requires to authenticate .
Candidate: save the user ' s username ' s user ' s user ' s user ' t exist .
Reference: return whether or not the given class name is valid .
Candidate: determine if the class is a evosuite class .
Reference: corrects the loconet fast clock
Candidate: compute the clock , compute more than compute keeping up the , but may have been , then
Reference: if the job is in progress , don ' t schedule the job . if not in progress , then schedule if refresh interval is satisfied .
Candidate: pg for the specialized point to the linear mode .
Reference: remove the given set of breakpoints .
Candidate: removes a reference from a set of breakpoints .
Reference: replaces an existing template .
Candidate: attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute .
Reference: unmarshals the event listener .
Candidate: read messages unmarshalled from the stream . marshalledinstances . read from the stream unmarshalled .
Reference: adds the specified item to this list model . if the item already exists , the list model is unchanged .
Candidate: adds the item to the list model .
Reference: using some super basic byte array & lt ; - & gt ; hex conversions so we don ' t have to rely on any large base64 libraries . can
Candidate: using some super & lt ; - & gt ; hex conversions so we don ' t have to rely on any large base64 libraries can can can can can
Reference: creates a new cluster server definition .
Candidate: create a mirror volume consistency group .
Reference: create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes . the number of bytes is 4 . the most significant byte is positive .
Candidate: create a negative number of a sign and an array of bytes . the number of bytes is 4 . the most significant byte is negative .
Reference: minimalcompletionstage returns a completablefuture that is completed normally , with the same value , when source is .
Candidate: completedstage completed completed completed completed completed if completed completed is completed completed completed completed or completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed
Reference: write directory post resource
Candidate: updates the path for the given path .
Reference: trim the array to the required size .
Candidate: returns the size of an array of the given size .
Reference: converts a vanilla potion id to an equivalent bukkit potiontype
Candidate: removes a from a from
Reference: removes curlmesh from this renderer .
Candidate: removes this operation from the renderer .
Reference: select pro samples from a single instance .
Candidate: this method dynamic variable .
Reference: helper method to send runnable into local handler loop
Candidate: helper method to send runnable to loop to loop
Reference: check whether this map is closed .
Candidate: returns true if the result is closed .
Reference: does something to insert think time into the script .
Candidate: does something to sleep the script
Reference: copies stream , fires progress events by listener , can be interrupted by listener .
Candidate: copies stream , fires progress events , can be interrupted by listener .
Reference: add new node and set prev instruction pointing to this instruction
Candidate: this a call begin
Reference: ensure the buffer can hold at least ' minimumcapacity ' bytes .
Candidate: ensures a a byte [ ] .
Reference: removes the provided user friendly name .
Candidate: removes the provided user friendly name
Reference: reads json api spec document and converts it into collection of target type objects .
Candidate: stored in xml - - files - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Reference: add a targeting by a swarm volley from a specified entity
Candidate: add an event event .
Reference: checks specified checkpoint existing .
Candidate: checks if the specified connection is installed .
Reference: create an omraster , lat / lon placement with an imageicon .
Candidate: creates a new object object .
Reference: locate the vertices and the codewords area of a black blob using the start and stop patterns as locators .
Candidate: locate the vertices and locate the codewords area of black blob . locators .
Reference: copy from one stream to another . throws ioexception in the event of error ( for example , sd card is full )
Candidate: take the new file file file file file file file file file file file file file stream .
Reference: writes the catalog , docinfo , preferences , and ( as we use only single page output the page tree .
Candidate: indexes the layout of the xml layout .
Reference: parses a " normal string " . this method requires that the opening character has already been parsed .
Candidate: parses the next characters from the next string . this method removes indicated returns the next string from the next string .
Reference: generate code for unwrapping a return value of the given type from the invocation handler ' s " invoke " method ( as type object ) to its correct type
Candidate: this method needs to for the given code that can be found for the given class .
Reference: formats a link , given an array of tokens .
Candidate: builds an optional number of the specified symbol .
Reference: constructs a new jsonexception with the specified cause .
Candidate: constructs a new jsonexception with the specified cause .
Reference: this will check an array of binaries , determine if they exist and determine that it has either the permissions 755 , 775 , or 777 . if an applet
Candidate: this method will be if the available string is available , extract a local identifier . < p / > this method will be wrong .
Reference: performs intialization of the scheme .
Candidate: initialize the list of files .
Reference: list the directories contained within a directory .
Candidate: gets all the contents of the files in the specified subdirectory .
Reference: adds the string representation for this text edit and its children to the given string buffer .
Candidate: add the children of the edit text buffer .
Reference: writes a vlq encoded value to the provide appendable .
Candidate: decode the base64 encoded value to encode the input stream . < p / > this was automatically processed .
Reference: removes and returns the given overlay from the given cell . this method fires a removeoverlay event . if no overlay is given , then all overlays are removed using
Candidate: removes all the elements from the list .
Reference: removes the indicated foreign key .
Candidate: removes the given dataset .
Reference: inserts the string representation of the second int argument into this string buffer . the second argument is converted to a string as if by the method string . valueof
Candidate: inserts the string representation of the argument argument into this string buffer . the second argument is converted to a string string if the string . valueof ,
Reference: adds a gefaehrdung to the list of all gefaehrdungen if gefaehrdung not already exits .
Candidate: adds the timeboundsprovider to the clock .
Reference: converts any relative classpath references to the full path .
Candidate: gets the name for the given path separator and then there is equal to this path is inside a valid base path . < p / > if there is
Reference: create a sequence containing one object
Candidate: create a sequence containing one object
Reference: power function . compute x ^ y .
Candidate: computes the current value of the a double .
Reference: append a node onto the vector .
Candidate: append a node onto the vector .
Reference: convert the input node to string type , if it isn ' t already .
Candidate: implements the the element from the qnames to the processing of element .
Reference: updatefunctionalitytest2 # testupdate7 ( ) . updates table using subquery in where clause todo foreign key functionality is not supported
Candidate: updatefunctionalitytest2 # testupdate7 ( ) . updates subquery foreign key in todo foreign key functionality is not supported
Reference: this service is used to read historical values or events of one or more nodes .
Candidate: this service is used to read historical values or more events .
Reference: check that the vmidentifier includes a unique numerical identifier for the target jvm .
Candidate: validate this method to validate the correct error .
Reference: stream will close after the already written bytes are read .
Candidate: call this method to reset the work collection .
Reference: adjusts the offset by the headersize , such that writing to a zero offset would not corrupt the header .
Candidate: updates the number of the in the given number .
Reference: an internal entity declaration .
Candidate: an internal entity declaration .
Reference: returns true if a given log record should be published .
Candidate: checks if the can be checked .
Reference: move to next element in the array .
Candidate: returns the next string in the next array .
Reference: use it if you need to add a multiple messages
Candidate: use if you need to add it need to add it need to add it need to add it need to add it need to add it need to add
Reference: called for the first denied permission if there is need to show the rational
Candidate: sets the scope of the rate ' s iotdevice
Reference: construct a new principal for the specified username and password , with the specified role names ( as strings ) .
Candidate: this method creates a user that creates a
Reference: returns whether the specified object equals to this instance .
Candidate: returns whether the specified object equals to this instance .
Reference: simulates rolling a dice with 6 sides .
Candidate: simulates flipping a coin .
Reference: convert a list of septet values into an octet stream , with a number of empty bits at the start .
Candidate: convert an unsigned byte - bit alphabet into a - 8 bits - bit - bit - bit - bit - bit - bit - bit - bit - bit
Reference: creates a new panel object .
Candidate: creates a new network from its components .
Reference: return marker height given index
Candidate: returns the height of the mech internal .
Reference: use the supplied function to asynchronously consume messages from the cluster .
Candidate: sends an input stream and overwrite if the input input is already exists .
Reference: calculates the distance ( or similarity ) between two instances . need to pass this returned distance later on to postprocess method to set it on correct scale . <
Candidate: computes the distance between the two instances .
Reference: we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
Candidate: we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
Reference: todo : this chaining can be slow at query execution . the other option is to perform this in the query itself , but that will be constrained to how
Candidate: this this point to those other point to those active those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those
Reference: re - creates the full text index for this database . calling this method is usually not needed , as the index is kept up - to - date automatically
Candidate: this method is called when the database connection to the database .
Reference: debugging : dot representation of this graph
Candidate: debugging : dot representation of this graph .
Reference: resize tables as the number of objects grow
Candidate: appends tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables
Reference: returns true if there ' s another socket address to try .
Candidate: returns true if the given successive runs which understands area can be used in sync mode .
Reference: x = 1 / ( 1 - percentage )
Candidate: computes the magnitude of the a binomial normal distribution .
Reference: extracts the queue name given a pinlater queue database name .
Candidate: extracts the name name name pinlater a pinlater database name .
Reference: routines for returning disambiguated names .
Candidate: returns referenced referenced referenced name referenced , referenced ast referenced referenced referenced referenced referenced referenced referenced referenced referenced referenced referenced referenced referenced , referenced , referenced , referenced , referenced
Reference: angle between the current touch coordinates and the down coordinates
Candidate: this method corrects y on the value location on the location value on the location value on the location value on the location value on the location value on the
Reference: parse a little - endian uint16 from the data at the given offset .
Candidate: get the uint8 at the given position .
Reference: < rm > , asr < rs > operation : if rs [ 7 : 0 ] = = 0 then shifter_operand = rm shifter_carry_out = c flag else if
Candidate: [ < p / > if the data [ ] , then wake up on the data / > if shift_imm = = = = = = = = =
Reference: removes the surrounding quote characters as needed . it first attempts to remove surrounding double quotes . if successful , the resultant string is returned . if no surrounding double
Candidate: returns the " - " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
Reference: generates a label for the specified series . this label will be used for the chart legend .
Candidate: generates a label for the specified label .
Reference: tests whether or not a string matches against a pattern . the pattern may contain two special characters : < br > ' * ' means zero or more characters
Candidate: determine if the values are contain any strings match restrict strings and restrict strings and restrict strings are null if they are contain the same values of strings .
Reference: asks to adjust new preferred size appliance if necessary .
Candidate: displays the given dimensions to the given target .
Reference: find description of a field of this class .
Candidate: returns a java object . .
Reference: constructs a quarter , based on a date / time and time zone .
Candidate: constructs a new instance based on the given / time zone and the default time zone .
Reference: this class is never instantiated
Candidate: creates a new instance .
Reference: if there is no field with the specified key , then associate the given value with the specified key .
Candidate: if there is no field with the specified key , then associate the specified value with the specified key .
Reference: reads the boolean value from the json array for specified index
Candidate: return the boolean value of the specified value .
Reference: append the call of proper autoboxing method for the given primitif type .
Candidate: asserts that the given element of a given type , with an argument type of a space type , with a given type of a space type , with a
Reference: open pdf file using a byte stream - by default files under 16384 bytes are cached to disk but this can be altered by setting pdffilereader . alwayscacheinmemory to a
Candidate: start , start , start , start start , start , start , start , start , start , start , start , start , start , start , start
Reference: generate allure report data from directories with allure report results .
Candidate: test the deployed version of the file . the super file . please this method
Reference: waits for ( by spinning ) to have an element transfered from another thread . a marker is filled into an empty slot in the arena and spun on until
Candidate: spins / blocks until the next thread is filled by the next thread .
Reference: construct the 1 - signatures by merging adjacent dense bins .
Candidate: returns signature signature algorithm between signature signature signature signature signature signature signature signature signature signature signature signature signature signature signature signature signature and signature signature signature signature signature signature signature
Reference: testbit ( int n ) of a positive number
Candidate: testbit ( int n ) of a positive n
Reference: finds and returns the end of the given character sequence after trimming new line characters from the right . the following character sequences are treated as newline characters : "
Candidate: find the first occurrence of the charseq in the charseq ' s position .
Reference: validates a query matches some json test expressions using the default double delta tolerance .
Candidate: makes the response throws a solrexception with the response
Reference: pop the current executing attribute set .
Candidate: pop the attribute set .
Reference: calculate the x coords for text here y coords are calculated in the method processtextarray ( final byte [ ] stream , int startcommand , int datapointer )
Candidate: this function to apply to to apply to to apply to to apply to to apply to to apply to to apply to to apply to to apply to the
Reference: prints the roster information . updated to allow for multiline comment field . created separate write statements for text and line feeds to work around the hardcopywriter bug that misplaces
Candidate: updates the active entry with .
Reference: convert a julian to it ' s java date equivalent .
Candidate: convert a java date to it ' s julian java .
Reference: remove the last element , if it matches .
Candidate: returns true if the objects is present in this queue .
Reference: serializes a struct property .
Candidate: reads the character character as the character character . each character or character or character has any escaped character or character .
Reference: computes the utility table for the query variable ( typically an action variable ) , given the provided evidence
Candidate: computes the variable value for the query ( assuming the no evidence variable value evidence .
Reference: converts a string list of scores to float .
Candidate: this fp method is used to load balancing .
Reference: assigns the output socket to the next image . ( wraps around )
Candidate: wraps the around around to the around to the around to the around to the around to the previous around to the next image around to be dispatched twice .
Reference: loading method . ( see nbt_tag )
Candidate: this method to read the nbt_tag )
Reference: find the best insertion position for a relocated activity in a given list of current activities .
Candidate: removes the given of the given of the given and returns the original version of the given of the given is not by given of the original list .
Reference: parse a string value to a calendar
Candidate: parse a string value to a calendar
Reference: writes a short ( 16 bit ) to the target stream .
Candidate: writes a 32 bit ) to the stream
Reference: checks if is initialized .
Candidate: checks if the contents of the .
Reference: starts and activity to open the ' new account ' page in the owncloud web site
Candidate: starts the activity in the owncloud web site .
Reference: register an extra valid subject . these subjects are ok if we hit them .
Candidate: adds the changed to to the model .
Reference: trims a line and removes comments
Candidate: trims a line line from the end line .
Reference: calculates the square of the euclidean distance between two 1d points represented by real values .
Candidate: calculates the distance between two points .
Reference: adds the instructions to the list of ofinstructions in the offlowmod . any pre - existing instruction of the same type is replaced with ofinstruction inst .
Candidate: adds the instructions to the existing list of ofinstructions in the offlowmod . the same type is replaced with ofinstruction inst .
Reference: non - thread safe iterator . removing is not allowed .
Candidate: get an iterator over an experiment over an experiment .
Reference: check if given domains are in use or not , if any of them is in use , throw exception .
Candidate: clears cached about about / about we stackoverflow about about about about about information about about about about about we import stackoverflow about / about about about about about about
Reference: this method implements the algebraic intersection detection method to determine whether the circles are actually intersecting . some false positives may occur , and thus must be filtered out .
Candidate: apply the given vertices of the graph algorithm to match the given initial transform algorithm .
Reference: initializes matsimtestutils without requiring the method of a class to be a junit test . this should be used for " fixtures " only that provide a scenario common to
Candidate: setup default configurations instance configurations prior configurations configurations configurations .
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table group
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table discussion
Reference: the bitmap of ignored signals , displayed as a decimal number . obsolete , because it does not provide information on real - time signals ; use / proc /
Candidate: ( since linux 3 . 5 ) address above which program address are placed in brk ( 2 ' s ) .
Reference: method that will try to determine statically defined type of property being serialized , based on annotations ( for overrides ) , and alternatively declared type ( if static typing
Candidate: create a for for a given initial for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for
Reference: augment given scene with information from stubfile , reading stubs from input stream and writing jaif to output stream .
Candidate: reads the input stream from the input stream .
Reference: returns map containing the given entries .
Candidate: returns map containing the given entries .
Reference: write the characters from an array .
Candidate: write an characters from the specified .
Reference: bounds the current scroll if necessary
Candidate: does the scroll if necessary , but does not synchronize the current model .
Reference: add a freetts voice for a given mary voice . this is used by load ( ) , but can also be called separately . repeated registration of the same
Candidate: loads the new information from the the given .
Reference: puts a key / value pair into the array , optimizing for the case where the key is greater than all existing keys in the array .
Candidate: puts a key / value pair into the array , optimizing for the case where the key is greater than all existing keys in the array .
Reference: add an incremental classifier listener
Candidate: add an image listener .
Reference: reads an r4 from the file and returns it in a float . advances the file pointer by 4 .
Candidate: a function to a a stream from a stream
Reference: returns a ( possibly empty ) collection view of the certificates read from the given input stream instream .
Candidate: creates a new instance of certificates from the input stream instream .
Reference: checks to see if filenames exist on a destination directory that don ' t exist in the source directory . mainly used for checking if a distcp - update can
Candidate: processes and source files and files and files to files and files and files and files and files and files and files and files and files and them to files
Reference: converts a query ' s order by clause , if any .
Candidate: load the given type from the given type , if the type is the type , or if the given type ( ) does not the type , the function
Reference: tick a specific block position , finding the valid blocks immediately adjacent to it and then replacing one at random .
Candidate: calculates the distance onto the screen and stores the to play the
Reference: adds the given purchase information to the database and returns the total number of times that the given product has been purchased .
Candidate: returns the number of times that has been purchased and returns the number of the given number .
Reference: configures any necessary colors / fonts for the specified label used representing the message .
Candidate: updates the background of the color in the background of opaque in red .
Reference: removes all limitlines from the axis .
Candidate: removes all limitlines from the axis .
Reference: links node as first element , or returns false if full .
Candidate: links node as first element , or returns false if full .
Reference: remove all elements in the supplied stream from this filterable
Candidate: get a map for the supplied stream using the supplied map .
Reference: draws the given lines as segments between all points of the given list of mxpoints .
Candidate: draws draws draws draws draws draws draws draws draws draws draws draws draws draws draws draws draws draws draws draws draws draws draws draws draws draws draws draws draws draws
Reference: compute 3a regions for a sensor - referenced touch coordinate . returns a meteringrectangle [ ] with length 1 .
Candidate: calculates the image of the the given and the for the given of the .
Reference: flushes the stream . if the stream has saved any characters from the various write ( ) methods in a buffer , write them immediately to their intended destination .
Candidate: flushes the buffer to the buffer .
Reference: create a vector of given dimension . note : the supplied array of components must not be changed .
Candidate: constructs a new with a coordinate and tests if a given and a coordinate and a test if a given and a coordinate and a test if a given and
Reference: handle a bizarre special case . nested classes ( static classes declared inside another class ) that are protected have their access bit set to public in their class files
Candidate: handle a bizarre special case ( nested static classes declared inside another class ) that are protected have their access bit to their public class .
Reference: convert longitude to pixel value
Candidate: compute a longitude based mercator projection .
Reference: indicates whether world file values appear to be in latitude and longitude .
Candidate: translates a projection projection if a projection is computed like a elevation wrapper r : b / b epsilon to a
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: description of the python method .
Reference: remove a remote session .
Candidate: remove a session from the remote id .
Reference: returns the string representation of this vector .
Candidate: returns the string representation of this vector .
Reference: iterator visits the direct child nodes in the external key ordering .
Candidate: return an iterator over the given .
Reference: enables metrics for the server by setting " opt - out " to false in the config file and starting the metrics task .
Candidate: enables metrics for the server by setting the opt - " in the config file and false starting in the metrics task .
Reference: creates an hmact64 instance which uses the given secret key material .
Candidate: returns the as using the given and returns the md5 of
Reference: returns true if the charsegment starts with the string .
Candidate: returns true if the charsegment string is string .
Reference: write a bytebuffer that isn ' t backed by an array .
Candidate: writes the specified buffer to the specified inputstream .
Reference: return true if the class was loaded from the application src / directory .
Candidate: return true if the class was loaded from the application src / src directory .
Reference: reads in the ldif file , and writes the changerecords on the ldap connection .
Candidate: open a properties from the given . .
Reference: render ( print ) progress bar .
Candidate: if the size of the given size .
Reference: drain currently permitted requests and grant lock to next requestor . < p > acquires destroyreadlock . synchronizes on suspendlock , granttokens , and the grant token .
Candidate: unlock . < p / > note on the remote client
Reference: loads positions within certain arrea
Candidate: updates strongest measurement over all wifi column of the function box .
Reference: shorthand for creating the check box setting the icon / text and making it into a toggle button
Candidate: this is long , long , long , long is too long , , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long ,
Reference: adds this batch to the downloads system .
Candidate: process the given topic and returns them if the given process and returns them if the given and returns them if them and returns them if them is located which
Reference: save the encoded ( output ) buffer into the complete encoded recording . todo : copy directly ( without the intermediate byte array )
Candidate: save recording ( encoded ) into the input stream . todo : copy ( ) without intermediate ) .
Reference: create a jobdefinition that is using fixed delays specify , when and how often the job should be triggered .
Candidate: create create create a jobdefinition that delays , specify how often when how often triggered how often will be triggered how often triggered when how often to be triggered and
Reference: find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
Reference: stores given integer value . alignment aware .
Candidate: stores long value value . alignment aware .
Reference: takes the available cas and creates more cases from them to conform to the minimal requested amount of cas objects to have sufficient for running a cross - validation .
Candidate: creates and creates a new internal and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and
Reference: sign the xml document using enveloped signatures .
Candidate: sign part of xml part of the xml document referered by the attributes of the supplied attribute list of attributes . enveloped signatures exclusive . canonicalization .
Reference: display popup . called from adempierecombopopup and allows to implement alternative actions than showing the popup
Candidate: remove the media the component .
Reference: creates a writer for processing sequences from provided data source .
Candidate: creates a new for the given of a given output .
Reference: guesses the ' best ' firing plan under a certain heat no twisting is done
Candidate: returns an entity target target target target target target target target target target target target target target target target target target target target target target target target target target target
Reference: map an volumegroup to volumegrouprestrep
Candidate: compute through the given 3 ( ) call ) compute all items and compute the the ) and compute the
Reference: post all filenames provided in args
Candidate: post all filenames in args
Reference: return a string representation of this object .
Candidate: return a string representation of this object .
Reference: clear all searchable items
Candidate: clear all searchable items
Reference: register a listener to be notified when plotting completes
Candidate: method to add a summary to this method .
Reference: adds multiples of the specified ingredient .
Candidate: removes the instances from the ingredient from the specified database .
Reference: constructs a new batchedimagerequest object
Candidate: constructs a new batchedimagerequest object
Reference: returns the order string produced by this object .
Candidate: returns a new string presentation
Reference: find a clone that corresponds to the key argument .
Candidate: find a clone that corresponds to the key argument .
Reference: convert a string to a byte array using the specified encoding .
Candidate: converts the platform encoding to the utf - 8 encoding .
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: returns true if the string is a valid value .
Reference: clear logcat buffer prior to test run .
Candidate: the device on the given device .
Reference: add a metacharacter and its replacement .
Candidate: replace fp characters with a given string .
Reference: the code that does the real work of lookup . we do a deep copy of the items being returned , both to avoid having them modified while being marshalled
Candidate: parses the position of the given position .
Reference: finds all history records for the given job .
Candidate: finds all history records for the given job .
Reference: checks if a xml character is well - formed . if there is a problem with the character a non - null character is returned else null is returned .
Candidate: checks a xml character as well as a character xml character .
Reference: escapes a character if it has an escape sequence or is non - printable ascii . leaves non - ascii characters alone .
Candidate: escapes a character in a string .
Reference: if a landmark has been added to the set of the active landmarks , this function re - evaluates the estimated remaining travel time based on the new set of
Candidate: if the landmark has been set of the set of the active landmarks .
Reference: describe the attribute evaluator
Candidate: returns a string representation of the data row .
Reference: draws indicator in case the expression text overflows on the y axis .
Candidate: perform and prints the rows with the the and the appropriate text . .
Reference: write a line of values to the file with a timestamp
Candidate: write a line of the values to the specified stream .
Reference: this method returns true if the inputstream contains a pem encoded item
Candidate: this method returns true if the bytearray contains a component
Reference: creates the new close listener .
Candidate: run the percentage where the case is disabled .
Reference: controls the shard routing of the request . using this value to hash the shard and not the id .
Candidate: computes the hash node for the specified shard , the right of the specified shard , the the specified prefix .
Reference: receive data with a specific buffer size
Candidate: send a data buffer with data
Reference: deletes an attribute at the given position ( 0 to numattributes ( ) - 1 ) .
Candidate: computes the values of the supplied values to the values of doubles .
Reference: adds the index characters from the given locale to the index . the labels are added to those that are already in the index ; they do not replace the
Candidate: creates a new alphabeticindex for the given locale .
Reference: wrap a key . < p > this concrete method has been added to this previously - defined abstract class . ( for backwards compatibility , it cannot be abstract
Candidate: helper method for concatenate non - node ( non - non - non - non - non - non - non - non - non - non - non -
Reference: this class was not meant to be constructed explicitly
Candidate: creates instance instance for instance of the instance instance .
Reference: addseparator routines are not used in peers . shared code invokes additem ( " - " ) for adding separators
Candidate: add a line to the preferences .
Reference: determine if sd card exists .
Candidate: determine if sd card exists .
Reference: load a class from the rmi class loader corresponding to the given codebase url path in the current execution context .
Candidate: recursively create a named possible urls in a class class urls . possible urls urls . possible urls urls . possible urls urls . possible urls urls . possible urls
Reference: loads the raw modules of a database .
Candidate: creates a java file . .
Reference: writes the data for this segment to the stream in valid jpeg format , directly from the data array .
Candidate: writes the data in the valid stream in the valid jpeg format .
Reference: rounds a double to the next nearest integer value in a probabilistic fashion ( e . g . 0 . 8 has a 20 % chance of being rounded down
Candidate: rounds the double value to the nearest integer value .
Reference: converts the executableelement properties to typename properties
Candidate: converts a executableelement properties from the typename properties . < p >
Reference: parses register information from the target information string .
Candidate: parses the information stored as a single information .
Reference: creates a daemon thread with the specified name prefix . thread names will be nameprefix - < threadid > . thread id is incremented each time a thread is created
Candidate: constructs the thread thread .
Reference: unit test for a cpu_num message .
Candidate: cut an a message with the same to the with a fixed size .
Reference: format a vector of numbers into a formatted string .
Candidate: format a vector of a vector .
Reference: this version of addcolumn allows the user to override the default length associated with each column type .
Candidate: read a old column to read to
Reference: layout blocks . normal forward flow is laid out in reverse postorder . loops are handled specially to keep blocks in the loop body close to each other . loop
Candidate: return a doing decryption from doing decryption doing doing doing doing one of doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing
Reference: add a new server transaction to the set of existing transactions . add it to the top of the list so an incoming ack has less work to do in
Candidate: looks put the appropriate callback .
Reference: dalays the current thread . logs any errors . the delay is 1000 millis * the given multiplier . used within a loop , the iterator index can be used
Candidate: checks if a failure thread is currently month .
Reference: test split and join of nested properties ( using pipe ) .
Candidate: asserts that decode the of one because it .
Reference: let ' s also check that it is possible to do type conversions to allow use of non - string map keys .
Candidate: test method that compare the the classing works ok wrt well as well separately .
Reference: returns true if . at this time , the bean is busy with some ( i . e . perhaps a worker thread is performing some calculation ) .
Candidate: returns true if this bean is at the bean bean , i . busy e . perhaps the worker thread is performing some calculation .
Reference: parses a byte array .
Candidate: create a characters from the array .
Reference: resets the bandwidth average for this instance of the bandwidth manager .
Candidate: resets all the state of the the state of its state .
Reference: tests whether a single security role is correctly inserted into an empty descriptor .
Candidate: tests whether a servlet is correctly merged into an empty descriptor .
Reference: decodes a fullrevision operation .
Candidate: replace a a in a .
Reference: remove children from type characterdata from a node , this includes text , comment and cdatasection nodes
Candidate: trims the given node from the given document .
Reference: unlinks interior node p with predecessor trail .
Candidate: unlinks interior node p with predecessor trail .
Reference: streaming loader , which does not double peak memory like the loader that creates a suffix array from a parallel corpus .
Candidate: create the file file for the given file .
Reference: friction mixing law . feel free to customize this . todo djm : add customization
Candidate: used to compute the normal distribution .
Reference: serialize the given java object into string according the given content - type ( only json is supported for now ) .
Candidate: converts content to to json string to json string .
Reference: compile a sequence sw $ zr , n ( $ reg ) sw $ zr , n + 4 ( $ reg ) sw $ zr , n + 8
Candidate: reconfigure outlink outlink outlink outlink outlink outlink outlink outlink outlink outlink outlink outlink outlink outlink outlink outlink outlink outlink outlink outlink outlink outlink outlink outlink outlink outlink outlink outlink outlink
Reference: determines if the vplex volume can be expanded by natively expanding the backend volumes .
Candidate: find an instance of the the given state .
Reference: file gui from roster contents
Candidate: add the results to a set .
Reference: function which will return one if the argument is zero or a positive number , and zero if not .
Candidate: coerce a double value to a value and return a if a value is equal to the current value . if the value is a number of a value ,
Reference: returns itself if it is equal to the supplied size , otherwise the supplied size . you can use this if you have a size field which is frequently recalculated
Candidate: returns the new instance of this ' '
Reference: checks if the request supports gzip and is not a include request ( these cannot be gzipped )
Candidate: returns true if the user is search .
Reference: constructs a replayprocessor with bounded or unbounded buffering .
Candidate: create a new fast operation for testing . < p / > fast overflow operation .
Reference: by default displays the current conversations in the view , this method can be updated to modify the conversations list before it is shown , can be used to filter
Candidate: removes the given from the list at the given .
Reference: reads the next encoded byte from the encoded input stream .
Candidate: reads the next encoded byte from the input stream .
Reference: enqueue a job for this thread
Candidate: executes the asynchronous task to the queue .
Reference: this test doesn ' t pass on ri
Candidate: test doesn ' t pass on ri doesn ' t pass . doesn ' t doesn ' t doesn ' t doesn ' t doesn ' t doesn ' t
Reference: testbit ( int n ) of a positive number
Candidate: testbit ( int n ) of a positive n
Reference: receive notification of the start of an element .
Candidate: receive notification of an element element .
Reference: adds the given purchase information to the database and returns the total number of times that the given product has been purchased .
Candidate: returns the number of times that has been purchased and returns the number of the given number .
Reference: draw a string using the current font and color in the x , y coordinates . the font is drawn from the top position and not the baseline .
Candidate: draws the defined by the specified separator . .
Reference: read the sepcified number of characters into the array .
Candidate: reads the sepcified number of the specified byte array .
Reference: update the nonce parameters
Candidate: disable the throughput watchdog flag to tweak storage chips . < p / >
Reference: accept and process an instance event
Candidate: process an instance instance instance instance instance
Reference: recalculate all virtual pools matching storage pools that have rp protection as creation of a protection system creates new relationships and constraints on the matching pools of an rp system
Candidate: method to delete the virtual volume .
Reference: calculates the trading fee a player has to pay when selling for a certain price
Candidate: fill a previously with special price . previously previously previously previously previously previously previously previously previously previously previously previously previously previously previously previously previously previously previously previously previously previously previously
Reference: locate the vertices and the codewords area of a black blob using the start and stop patterns as locators . this assumes that the image is rotated 180 degrees and
Candidate: locate the vertices and locate codewords as a black blob using the start and stop patterns locators as locators .
Reference: adds current search pattern in the search history list
Candidate: adds the current item to the history history .
Reference: walk the file list looking for name collisions . if we find one , then we remove it
Candidate: there there there there there there there one there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there
Reference: concatenates the string representation of each items in this array , with the given string as a separator between each item .
Candidate: concatenates a string representation of the items in the given string , each separator between each item .
Reference: write 16 - bit value to output stream , lsb first
Candidate: write a single value to the output stream .
Reference: the fields of the named entity to order the resultset by ; optionally add a " asc " for ascending or " desc " for descending note : each successive
Candidate: initialize the order by the specified order .
Reference: create a stemmedstring from two strings
Candidate: create a stemmedstring from one charsequence ( stemmed ) and original one )
Reference: merges all logs on each node based on time stamp
Candidate: creates a new video span .
Reference: converts an array of ciphers into a single string .
Candidate: converts an operation operation into a specified of operation names .
Reference: creates a new instance .
Candidate: creates a new chart resolver with the specified file .
Reference: ensure the tuple array exists .
Candidate: ensure a tuple array exists .
Reference: given a string like " - foo " or " - 5 " or " - 123 . mxml " , this determines whether the string is an argument or
Candidate: checks if the given string is lowercase really . lowercase . lowercase . lowercase . lowercase . lowercase . lowercase . lowercase . lowercase . lowercase . lowercase . lowercase
Reference: removes child elements from a specific type
Candidate: removes all the children of the given node .
Reference: eventually sets to the given value .
Candidate: eventually sets to the given value .
Reference: checks whether a savepoint is valid
Candidate: verify that the reload text reload text combo box .
Reference: use the supplied table editor to create columns for the supplied result set .
Candidate: convenient method to updates the polygonal availability by the given threshold .
Reference: write source code to file .
Candidate: writes a file to the given file .
Reference: remove all elements from the list .
Candidate: remove all elements from the list .
Reference: sets and returns a new uidvalidity for this folder .
Candidate: return the next time stamp .
Reference: generate and return a list of pseudo - legal moves . pseudo - legal means that the moves don ' t necessarily defend from check threats .
Candidate: get a move from in
Reference: writes an ogg page header to the given byte array .
Candidate: writes an ogg header to the given byte array .
Reference: inserts any necessary separators and whitespace before a name . also adjusts the stack to expect the key ' s value .
Candidate: inserts any necessary separators and whitespace before the name ' s also adjusts the stack expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect
Reference: creates one buffer for the camera preview callback . the size of the buffer is based off of the camera preview size and the format of the camera image .
Candidate: creates the buffer for the camera preview size and the size of the camera preview callback .
Reference: handle a fancy new - fangled static site request
Candidate: closes and resets the token , and resets them , and
Reference: remove subscription to a room . this also removes all current ffz event emotes from that room .
Candidate: subscribe to a room .
Reference: discharges an ienergizeditem with the defined amount of energy .
Candidate: discharges an ienergizeditem with the defined amount of energy .
Reference: returns an array containing all of the elements in this deque , in proper sequence ( from first to last element ) . < p > the returned array will
Candidate: returns an array containing all of the elements in this deque , in proper sequence ( from first to last element ) . < p / > < p >
Reference: add all of the specified elements to the selection .
Candidate: copies all of the specified element from the specified collection .
Reference: checks if a particular feature or mode is supported by the system .
Candidate: tests if the feature dom feature is currently a feature - level .
Reference: get backup partitions for specified node id .
Candidate: process how immediate vars process node .
Reference: inserts the string into this string buffer . the characters of the string argument are inserted , in order , into this string buffer at the indicated offset , moving
Candidate: inserts the string representation of the argument argument into this string buffer . the second argument is converted to a string string . if the string is by the method
Reference: just pass http url and then you have to call view ( imageview )
Candidate: removes an extension from an extension .
Reference: create a tree for deciding what keys can legally be typed .
Candidate: create a tree for deciding what keys can legally be typed .
Reference: build the pivot - transform - reverse matrix ptr . we start with a n x n identity matrix and for each recorded pivot transformation swap the according rows ,
Candidate: calculate the key of keys .
Reference: transform binary to hex
Candidate: transform binary to transform
Reference: copies this string replacing occurrences of the specified character with another character .
Candidate: copies this string replacing occurrences of the specified character .
Reference: create a bidi object representing the bidi information on a line of text within the paragraph represented by the current bidi . this call is not required if the entire
Candidate: return the text text text text the text text text text text text text text text text text text text text text text text text text text text text text
Reference: returns whether the callers of the current transaction contains a package that matches the give authentication requirements .
Candidate: returns whether the callers of unix , which can take a account ' s requirements .
Reference: paints the background of an internal frame title pane .
Candidate: paints the background of the toggle button .
Reference: add a graph listener
Candidate: add an image listener .
Reference: find any pending patches under the given sdk root that require studio to be restarted , and if there are any , restart and install them . if they have
Candidate: installs the system file system directory .
Reference: helper function for missing values in the labels and missing predictions ( i . e . , from abstaining classifiers ) . aligns the predictions with the real labels ,
Candidate: this function to convert the given to the to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to the
Reference: is product in category
Candidate: create a new - for a - a copy - a copy - a copy of a .
Reference: it creates a new instance of this panel .
Candidate: creates a new instance of this panel .
Reference: if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the
Candidate: if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the
Reference: this method uploads a file to the remote server . calling this method blocks the current thread until the operation is completed . the operation could be interrupted by another
Candidate: this method closes this method method . this method is a method method is a method method is a method method is a method method is a method method is
Reference: provide white list , entry in white list will not be shown in ui list .
Candidate: provide white list in white list .
Reference: used to detect scoped attributes .
Candidate: tests if the given name is a valid initializer .
Reference: creates input object for amf3 from byte buffer
Candidate: creates a new adapter from the given input stream .
Reference: searching the specified configuration file and return a properties
Candidate: get the properties file from the file file .
Reference: we have an ofmessage we didn ' t expect given the current state and we want to treat this as an error . we currently throw an exception that will
Candidate: we have an ofmessage we didn ' t expect current state we want to treat as an error . we currently throw we we we we we we we we
Reference: pretty printing accumulator function for booleans
Candidate: pretty printing accumulator function for
Reference: renders the views onto the projected stream .
Candidate: renders the given entries for the given parameter . the given the given method that the the given the given parent . the given entries .
Reference: removes all database listeners added .
Candidate: clears the list of listeners .
Reference: loads and validates audiomap . xml .
Candidate: loads and validates audiomap . xml .
Reference: add a generic attribute to the field . a generic attribute contains a stream of uninterpreted bytes which is ignored by the vm ( as long as its name doesn
Candidate: add a generic attribute to a generic stream which contains a generic attribute uninterpreted bytes as a generic vm .
Reference: link fahrzeit events to the corresponding fahrt event
Candidate: quotedchar registers a complement which they have complement they have creating a clone describing which they have they have they have they have they have they have a different subclass
Reference: try to construct using newtransformerfactorynoserviceloader method if available .
Candidate: try to construct the newtransformerfactorynoserviceloader method available .
Reference: check unique id and generated hash code .
Candidate: this method can be used by email code .
Reference: creates the output stream that elements will be written to .
Candidate: forces the current flag to the channel .
Reference: monitoring logic used by background thread
Candidate: calling the calling database of calling by calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling
Reference: writes an instance of this class to a file
Candidate: writes an instance of an instance of this instance
Reference: convert the supplied value into an internal representation as packedlongiv .
Candidate: convert the supplied value as an internal string representation as packedlongiv .
Reference: adds the supplied request header .
Candidate: adds a string to the given .
Reference: adds a child leaf to this container .
Candidate: adds a child to this container .
Reference: we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
Candidate: we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
Reference: computes an approximation to normalcdf ( x ) .
Candidate: cumulative function cumulative distribution for the double .
Reference: removes one of the result buffers from the history . any windows currently displaying the contents of the buffer are not affected .
Candidate: removes the specified item from the currently specified stringbuffer . the result of the currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently
Reference: adds a new feature type constraint entry .
Candidate: adds the current entry to the current device .
Reference: mod when modulus is negative
Candidate: mod when modulus is negative
Reference: calculates the points for drawing the theoretical variogram
Candidate: a test function for a cross - zero test function ; zero out of a zero - zero - zero - zero - zero - zero - zero - zero
Reference: creates a new dexportprivatekeyopenssl dialog .
Candidate: creates a new dupgradecryptostrength dialog .
Reference: sum sqlexpression for items that match query criteria
Candidate: creates a dot dot dot expression corresponding .
Reference: smoothly snaps to a given position . we do this manually by calculating the keyframes ourselves and animating the scroll on the recycler view .
Candidate: determine the image the
Reference: calculates the x - offset for drawing the shadow image relative to the source .
Candidate: calculates the computes shadow and returns the rectangular drop shadow shadow and returns the hash effects the
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: clear listeners when finished
Candidate: resets the state of the . the xntcp interface is overridden to handle buffering .
Reference: write a bundle with an xmlwriter and verify the output is expected .
Candidate: a a list of a file .
Reference: get the date x days from now .
Candidate: returns the ( ) (
Reference: create a temporary file in the cache directory on either internal or external storage , whichever is available and has more free space .
Candidate: creates disk cache cache disk disk disk disk cache and disk disk disk disk disk disk disk disk disk disk disk disk disk disk disk disk disk disk disk cache
Reference: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Candidate: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Reference: removes the entry object at the given xindex from the dataset at the specified index . returns true if an entry was removed , false if no entry was found
Candidate: removes an entry from the given xindex from the dataset . returns true if the argument was removed from the given dataset . returns false from the dataset .
Reference: run a single read test , writing and reading back input with the given compression mode .
Candidate: read the originid from the input stream .
Reference: closes given resource logging possible checked exception .
Candidate: closes logging logging possible logging possible checked exception .
Reference: identity - based version for use in itr . remove
Candidate: identity - based version for use in itr . remove
Reference: creates a raster with the same band layout but using a different width and height , and with new zeroed data arrays .
Candidate: creates a raster with the same width and height , with the new zeroed data arrays .
Reference: calculate matrix for fit_center
Candidate: calculate matrix for fit_center
Reference: util method to get the arguments to the heron scheduler .
Candidate: used to start the the command line .
Reference: adds a document to be analyzed .
Candidate: add a add a add a document id
Reference: executes the next phase of this key agreement with the given key that was received from one of the other parties involved in this key agreement .
Candidate: checks whether the given key can identified by this instance .
Reference: creates a new empty simplesystempermissionset .
Candidate: creates a new paletteswatcheschooser
Reference: add a curve to the shape
Candidate: add a curve to the shape .
Reference: restore the automix buckets stored in sharedpreferences
Candidate: clears the set of the mask .
Reference: returns the next character .
Candidate: returns the next character .
Reference: accept app offer remove from app offers list update corresponding app usage
Candidate: removes offer entries from the list list .
Reference: verify that the given public key successfully handles and confirms the signature associated with this signer .
Candidate: verify that the public key successfully handles the confirms signature associated with the signer .
Reference: generates activity scope graph using activitymodule plus additional modules provided by inheritance .
Candidate: generates graph activity activitymodule activitymodule activitymodule activitymodule using activitymodule plus provided
Reference: request the write lock . block until a write operation can be performed safely . write requests are guaranteed to be executed in the order received . pending read requests
Candidate: request request request request request request request request request request request request request request request request request request . call ( ) call ) call ) call ) call )
Reference: reads a date value from the input stream .
Candidate: reads a input stream from the input stream .
Reference: removes the listener from the collection of listeners who will be notified when the user changes the receiver ' s value .
Candidate: removes a listener from the list .
Reference: equivalent to , but cheaper than writing integer . tohexstring ( ) . getbytes ( ) followed by crlf .
Candidate: calculate a number of the cheaper than . tohexstring ( ) . getbytes ( ) followed by crlf .
Reference: read an imputstream reader
Candidate: reads a string from the input stream .
Reference: create a list of maps from the list of type parameters .
Candidate: from the from from from the list
Reference: find free space on the * nix platform using the ' df ' command .
Candidate: find the space ' s free space using the ' df nix .
Reference: reads all data from stream and close it silently
Candidate: reads all data from stream and close it silently
Reference: see if within two moves of solution .
Candidate: see within solution within one solution .
Reference: reads the specified sections from penn treebank
Candidate: creates a new model from the provided graph .
Reference: processes sslv2 hello message . sslv2 client hello message message is an unexpected message for client side of handshake protocol . see tls 1 . 0 spec . , e
Candidate: sends sslv2 hello message on sslv2 hello message message on sslv2 hello message . hello message for client hello message on hello message client hello message message . hello message
Reference: closes the write half of the stream .
Candidate: reads the map of socket .
Reference: apply one or more row changes .
Candidate: select the select associated with the select select one of select the select select . select the select more than select the select which can select a single select select
Reference: writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream .
Candidate: writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream .
Reference: the ' avgrequestspersecond ' field will make everything look like it changed
Candidate: build the avgrequestspersecond ' s ' , look like everything .
Reference: returns true if this double value is infinitely large in magnitude .
Candidate: returns true if the value is infinitely infinitely infinitely infinitely infinitely infinitely infinitely infinitely infinitely infinitely infinitely infinitely infinitely infinitely infinitely infinitely infinitely infinitely infinitely infinitely infinitely infinitely infinitely infinitely
Reference: get the name of the inprogress znode .
Candidate: get the name of the inprogress znode .
Reference: adds a new value to the series
Candidate: adds a new value to the series .
Reference: receive socket redundancy data
Candidate: read the next from the .
Reference: output the doc type declaration .
Candidate: output the doc type declaration .
Reference: create and open the store .
Candidate: load if a previously associated from a file . if if any does not return a hashmap if if any , so if any does not exist , return if
Reference: check a vector . . . if it is null or its floats are nan or infinite , return false . else return true .
Candidate: updates the mapping of the vectors in the x of y . if the y values are the mapping of the dataset .
Reference: resolve relative url - s and fix a few java . net . url errors in handling of urls with embedded params and pure query targets .
Candidate: resolve relative url in java error net s urls . handling in the pure java . urls . pure targets .
Reference: compute the depth of the graph .
Candidate: computes the node of the specified node of the specified node node , its child node .
Reference: determines the height of this view
Candidate: determines the height of this view
Reference: convert a string containing a space - separated list of urls into a corresponding array of url objects , throwing a malformedurlexception if any of the urls are invalid .
Candidate: utility method to convert an array of an array of an array of a dummy array array .
Reference: separates the recipe into an input and output list
Candidate: configures the tracking context . e . g . . use when it ' s ui extension is loaded , instead us when the current thread .
Reference: helper method to fire the connectionclosed event .
Candidate: responds to the underlying button .
Reference: stores integer value with volatile semantic .
Candidate: throws an object with the given size .
Reference: construct a strategy that parses a number field
Candidate: construct a strategy field .
Reference: returns the uri of a random server .
Candidate: retrieves the uri of the resource endpoint . < p >
Reference: initializes a new instance that is responsible for zooming and panning the axes with the specified names of the specified plot .
Candidate: constructs a new instance of the given chart using the provided strategy .
Reference: ensures there is enough space in the buffer for the given number of additional bytes .
Candidate: ensures there is enough space in the buffer for the given number of additional bytes .
Reference: set the attributes of the column .
Candidate: add a new to to the new .
Reference: constructs a new comparator on the given dimension
Candidate: sets the dimensions of the target rectangle .
Reference: helper method to add elements to the test data schema
Candidate: create an element in the in the xml element .
Reference: flush the internal buffer
Candidate: flush the internal buffer .
Reference: add a character to the start of the queue ( will be the next character retrieved ) .
Candidate: add a character to the start of the queue .
Reference: add an class name which property values must implement .
Candidate: add an attribute value to the the , if any attribute with the type of the missing value is null .
Reference: read the specified number of bytes into an array .
Candidate: read an number of bytes into an array .
Reference: this check contains a workaround for an issue in aem 6 . 1 , when after the deploy occasionally insert window contains an empty list .
Candidate: shows whether the tab tab is displayed in the given box .
Reference: parses and stores the test identifier ( class and test name ) .
Candidate: init the init for the init .
Reference: inserts the character at the given offset . the inserted character will get the styler that is already at the given offset .
Candidate: creates a new property name from the given display string . the display string .
Reference: add a root element to the model . root elements are collected during merging and used to compute the transitively reachable set of referenced elements .
Candidate: adds a live roots live roots to live roots to live roots to live roots to live roots to live roots to live roots to live roots to live roots
Reference: expands all ancestors of the given element or tree path so that the given element becomes visible in this viewer ' s tree control , and then expands the subtree
Candidate: don ' given element element don ' given element element don ' given element don ' given element don ' given element don ' given element don ' given element
Reference: appends a new cell to the current row containing the provided float value .
Candidate: appends a new cell to the current row containing the provided value .
Reference: constructs a new svnchangesetcollector used to collect incoming change sets
Candidate: initializes the properties definition across the provided properties definition .
Reference: ensure a max size for the image
Candidate: resize the minimum and resize the given size to resize the clip priority .
Reference: determines if the given sequence of char values is normalized .
Candidate: returns the of of the specified input sequence of the specified cell .
Reference: a string representation of this item , ( i . e . < attribute name > < comparison operator > < item value > ) . this default implementation just
Candidate: returns a description of the values in the text .
Reference: unescapes a som string fragment replacing " \ . " with " . " .
Candidate: removes all characters in the specified string .
Reference: saves an entity asynchronously
Candidate: if the will be called before it is not merged < p > , and do not implemented ,
Reference: pulls copystate off the wire
Candidate: creates a new containing all data from a store .
Reference: inserts any necessary separators and whitespace before a name . also adjusts the stack to expect the name ' s value .
Candidate: asserts that the current value ' t the between the stack .
Reference: checks whether a token can be redeemed and then redeems it i . e . removes it from the database . if the token does not exist or has expired
Candidate: method for creating the auth context .
Reference: lighten the given color by the factor
Candidate: create the number of the the
Reference: returns the database string of a given operand size .
Candidate: searches for the next element .
Reference: get the file name of a class .
Candidate: converts the given name to the language convention . foo bar . baz / baz bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar foo bar . baz
Reference: write a process variable as xml to an output stream
Candidate: callback the event event mode
Reference: adds new values to the series
Candidate: adds new values to the series .
Reference: parameterasserts that a qualifier namespace is set .
Candidate: checks if an exception is conformant .
Reference: formats the float array d with the specified number format .
Candidate: formats the double array d with the specified number of format .
Reference: pack from string into array .
Candidate: pack the length of the given array .
Reference: remove a viewpoint from the list
Candidate: removes the in the list in the given bar .
Reference: remove all listeners that are notified of any changes in scroll state or position .
Candidate: remove all listeners that are notified of any changes in scroll state or position .
Reference: updates the color of the input field depending on whether the entered formula string is valid or not .
Candidate: adds the given text on the given text .
Reference: remove a view from ignored views ;
Candidate: clears the list of the adapter .
Reference: writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream .
Candidate: writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream .
Reference: utility method that check for valid resource
Candidate: waits for service lease .
Reference: returns the maximum number of entries that can be filled before rehashing .
Candidate: returns the maximum number of the maximum subtrees filled . rehashing .
Reference: removes all the existing values from the series .
Candidate: removes all the existing values from the series .
Reference: toggle selection state of an entire section
Candidate: inserts a given portion given given given given given given given given given given given given given given given given given given given given given given given given given given
Reference: simple combiner sox file [ 0 ] file [ 1 ] . . . file [ n ] < outfile >
Candidate: reads a string into string into string . < p / > you don ' t want to handle " values into an error .
Reference: tell the instance scroller to stop scrolling . see 6243382 for more information
Candidate: stop gc mode . stop .
Reference: layout time has changed to a new minute . process effect that might be having on intensity . currently , this implementation assumes there ' s a fixed number of
Candidate: makes the change and inactive and makes the change or not change and change or not change and change or not change and change or not change and change or
Reference: simplified version of execute ( data in1 , double in2 ) without exception handling and casts .
Candidate: computes two are equal are overlapping are overlapping are overlapping are overlapping are less than offset , but may do not than offset , but are faster than than than
Reference: create a text response with known length .
Candidate: create a response with length .
Reference: check the next xmlevent without reading it from the stream . returns null if the stream is at eof or has no more xmlevents . a call to peek (
Candidate: find the find node
Reference: replace the url end point ( schema + host + port ) with the given end point .
Candidate: gets the url of the supplied url .
Reference: computes the length of a vector
Candidate: computes the length of the vector .
Reference: make the path to show
Candidate: when the filled between two vertices of a really found when a variable when a really found when a really found when a really found when a really found when
Reference: set the default x509 trust manager to an instance of a fake class that trust all certificates , even the self - signed ones .
Candidate: create the sslcontext using the https keystore .
Reference: adds a new member .
Candidate: add a given name to the given value . if no case is no already exists , and index1 , and index1 , and index1 , and index1 , and
Reference: returns a string representation of this float object . the primitive float value represented by this object is converted to a string exactly as if by the method tostring of
Candidate: returns a string representing the integer value .
Reference: adds leading and trailing whitespace characters to all members in this list .
Candidate: returns a string containing all whitespace characters and return the gondola mutable string containing the prefix .
Reference: computes the fully qualified name for the widget - derived type at the given node .
Candidate: creates a list of element .
Reference: process an ftyp atom to determine whether the media is quicktime .
Candidate: read an encoded bytes from a buffer .
Reference: extracts a map of name / value pairs from the given string . names are expected to be unique .
Candidate: parse a string from the given string .
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table discussion
Reference: issue an http delete and assert the response status code .
Candidate: issue an http and assert the response .
Reference: compute running sum of density values and weights .
Candidate: decides if the resource resource is needed to the resource resource .
Reference: returns a copy of the probability table
Candidate: merges a new new with the given new union of a new iterations .
Reference: return a sub configuration from this instance that has the keys equal to either prefix . keyprefix or keyprefix . the entries of keyprefix are added first , so they
Candidate: returns the list of the in the default configuration in the default property in the default values .
Reference: maps service internal names to displayable ( localized ) names via their resource names . services without resource names are not included in the returned map .
Candidate: extracts the name from the set assumption .
Reference: create a new intcolumn .
Candidate: create a new intcolumn .
Reference: helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
Candidate: helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
Reference: returns a string representation of the object .
Candidate: returns a copy of the string .
Reference: returns true if the current work has been canceled or if there was no work in progress on this image view . returns false if the work in progress deals
Candidate: returns true if the work or work until or work until or work until or work or work until or work until or work until or work until or work
Reference: temporarily store a bitmap
Candidate: adds a given key to the hashtable .
Reference: analyze the location path and return 32 bits that give information about the location path as a whole . see the bit_xxx constants for meaning about each of the bits
Candidate: analyze a 32 bits bits bits bits bits bits bits bits bits bits bits bits bits bits bits bits bits bits bits bits bits bits bits bits bits bits bits
Reference: adds a new afterstart listener for post - startup cleanup
Candidate: adds a listener for changes .
Reference: adds a marker to this log with the specified name .
Candidate: adds a marker to this log with the specified name .
Reference: generates a list of acceptable preview sizes . preview sizes are not acceptable if there is not a corresponding picture size of the same aspect ratio . if there is
Candidate: generates a list of acceptable preview sizes . preview sizes . if there are not size of the same aspect ratio .
Reference: attempts to read more data .
Candidate: attempts to read the more data .
Reference: creates a notification for either a relation creation ( relationsupport object created internally in the relation service , or an mbean added as a relation ) or for a relation
Candidate: handles additional additional changes additional responses .
Reference: below method will be used to add row to store
Candidate: below method will be used to store row to store
Reference: is true if the host name matches exactly the specified host name , or if there is no domain name part in the host name , but the unqualified host
Candidate: checks if the domain address are domain . the rfc2109 .
Reference: helper function to compute entropy from z / w values .
Candidate: population returns the population population of the population population . returns the population have the population of the population .
Reference: write the distribution for * distributionmodel
Candidate: this method to add the xml attribute .
Reference: queries the user for a file to save instances as , then saves the instances in a background process . this is done in the io thread , and an
Candidate: creates an new dialog dialog .
Reference: calculate the color selected by the pointer on the bar .
Candidate: calculate the selected bar on the selected bar pointer on the bar bar .
Reference: reads characters into a portion of an array .
Candidate: reads an array of characters into a portion of an input stream .
Reference: adjusts indent of the current block .
Candidate: represent a single text to the list of
Reference: adds the text for an initialization of a variable from a field to the stringbuilder .
Candidate: can that can be called by the field that can be parsed by field .
Reference: constructs a forward planner for the dialogue system .
Candidate: creates a new instructions with the given duration
Reference: adds a preconfigured jbutton to the specified container using the specified alignment constraint . does not modify the button ' s border .
Candidate: add the specified button to the end of the specified bar .
Reference: searches the attribute set for a tag , both of which are passed in as a parameter . returns true if no match is found and false otherwise .
Candidate: check if the tag field is associated with the binary tag value .
Reference: returns a string representation of the business object data key .
Candidate: encode the specified key into a specified database .
Reference: returns true if the given ifd is a valid ifd .
Candidate: returns true if the given ifd is a valid ifd .
Reference: get talk incoming / outgoing info from the json file and save in cache
Candidate: helper function to po .
Reference: returns enclosing method call of a given context ' s place
Candidate: java object . object . object . object . .
Reference: generate ovfenv iso image which will be then saved to ovfenv partition
Candidate: checks that verifies that they are not consistent by the request . by the checks that checks that checks that checks that checks that verifies that none information by the
Reference: creates an actionable event and persists to the database
Candidate: add a new to a given tenant . a new graph that can be sent in the order .
Reference: instantiates a new rational .
Candidate: creates an new multicast invitation
Reference: removes all the timer notifications corresponding to the specified type from the list of notifications .
Candidate: public method methods you can be safely generated by the given outputstream .
Reference: propagate variables to child via a relation atom ( atom variables are bound )
Candidate: resets the data to the < p / > this method completely > this method .
Reference: adds uuid value to given node as uuidmost and uuidleast tags .
Candidate: unlocks the node to the service .
Reference: removes wheel changing listener
Candidate: removes wheel changing listener
Reference: gets the raw byte offset from the start of an object ' s memory to the memory used to store the indicated instance field .
Candidate: gets the raw instance from the start of raw offset ' s memory indicated to the indicated byte instance .
Reference: determines the number of consecutive characters that are encodable using numeric compaction .
Candidate: determines the number of consecutive characters that are encodable using numeric compaction .
Reference: generates the xml representation of the object ( without xml headers or enclosing plist - tags ) .
Candidate: generates the xml representation of the tags object for the plist tags .
Reference: when the window closes , stop any sequences running
Candidate: closes window clears the running window .
Reference: returns a new instance which has the additional first source to be concatenated together with the current array of sources . < p > this operation doesn ' t change
Candidate: returns a new instance which has the additional source to be merged together with the current array of sources . < p > this operation doesn ' t change the
Reference: closes the server socket and all client sockets .
Candidate: shuts down if the service has been shutdown .
Reference: returns true if localid has the right basic format for a local id .
Candidate: determines if the name is a local id .
Reference: creates the server socket .
Candidate: configures the given address to the app .
Reference: checks for interrupt , returning throw_ie if interrupted before signalled , reinterrupt if after signalled , or 0 if not interrupted .
Candidate: checks for interrupt , returning throw_ie if interrupted before signalled , reinterrupt if after signalled , or 0 if not interrupted .
Reference: reset both output builders .
Candidate: shows the temporary mech connector .
Reference: read this segment from a byte buffer using the given dictionary for lookups . the dictionary may be null if no dictionary values were used when writing data for this
Candidate: read a byte of the given buffer . < p > this method will increment if the given number of bytes .
Reference: writes carriers and their plans into a xml - file .
Candidate: writes carriers and their plans into their plans .
Reference: un - registers a listener to the system
Candidate: removes a connector listener from the connector .
Reference: test that a manifest with an activity with a launcher intent has no warnings .
Candidate: test an intent that reports that a activity with a launcher activity activity .
Reference: appends message if the given name is similar to the candidate .
Candidate: appends the given message to the candidate .
Reference: this is called by superclass when attempt to write data from file .
Candidate: writes the file header to the file file .
Reference: returns the vendor for the java version used to generate this build .
Candidate: returns the version of product wiki page .
Reference: creates an instance of a voiceresult .
Candidate: creates an instance based on the voiceresult .
Reference: forms tree of the nodes linked from this node .
Candidate: recursively constructs a new tree from a subtree .
Reference: this recursive method is a hack : directoryitems flattens the directory structure , but it provides useful functionality , so this method will reconstruct the directory structure for the jtree
Candidate: build the matching node of the given matching node .
Reference: adds the specified listener to the list of listeners that will be notified of drawer events .
Candidate: adds the specified listener to the list of listeners that will be notified of drawer events .
Reference: method used to enter note edition mode
Candidate: the params of the params .
Reference: adds an entry to the source map ( entry must be added in order ) .
Candidate: adds an entry to the entry entry .
Reference: onclick handler - unhide action bar
Candidate: convenience method that gets called when the view view was removed in the prolog of a scroll themselves .
Reference: formats a time delta in human readable format .
Candidate: convert a formatted string into the same format specification formatted formatted formatted formatted formatted formatted formatted formatted formatted formatted formatted formatted formatted formatted formatted formatted formatted formatted formatted formatted formatted
Reference: the main execution loop which should be executed in its own thread .
Candidate: play a message shutdown .
Reference: used to check whether there is a specialized handler for a given intent .
Candidate: used to check whether there is a specialized handler for a given intent .
Reference: set bounds for the right textview including clip padding .
Candidate: set bounds for the right textview including clip padding .
Reference: takes a probability distribution and reduces higher - order terms by contributions arising from combinations of lower order terms . it assumes the input distribution is suitable for this operation
Candidate: scalbn ( x , x ) .
Reference: remove / collapse multiple newline characters
Candidate: removes a string from the given string .
Reference: readobject is called to restore the state of the execoptionpermission from a stream .
Candidate: readobject to restore the state of the delegationpermission from a stream .
Reference: returns the total of the values in one column of the supplied data table by taking only the row numbers in the array into account .
Candidate: computes the total of data of the expected in the probability in the specified offset . in a row .
Reference: opens the analysis . also clears the source and summary panes . makes comments enabled false . sets the savetype and adds the file to the recent menu .
Candidate: checks whether the file exists .
Reference: method for beancontextmembership interface .
Candidate: beancontextmembershiplistener method . called when a new object is removed from the beancontext beancontext . this method doesn ' t have a new layer mouseevents , and any mousemodes for
Reference: performs some processing on the given item .
Candidate: performs some processing on the given item .
Reference: removes instances from containers during scaling down
Candidate: removes instances from containers down during scaling
Reference: draws a message which is sent between two different lifelines
Candidate: starts the line at the given offset . < p > note that this method should not changes .
Reference: kills consist using lead loco address
Candidate: helper method method to adds an array of the method of all of the method of a description of the method adds method of the method adds method of the
Reference: listen on the default address
Candidate: based on the remote messages on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on
Reference: parses a sum of flags as numerical values ( bitmask ) and translates it to set of enum values .
Candidate: method called by reading two cpu by calling reading each line .
Reference: defines a new package using the information extracted from the specified manifest .
Candidate: defines a new package using the specified manifest .
Reference: parse the xml document content using specified handlers and an input source .
Candidate: reports this parse field .
Reference: verifies the signature bytes .
Candidate: verifies the signature bytes .
Reference: add string to see if it matches in the query
Candidate: generic these objects contain these objects objects from the same string and extended objects and extended and the for testing .
Reference: closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache
Candidate: closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache
Reference: get time ago that milliseconds date occurred
Candidate: finds the base number of days of the base time . base time .
Reference: converts a string with an even number of hexadecimal characters to a byte array .
Candidate: converts a byte array to hex strings
Reference: called when we want to remove a jobstatus object that we ' ve finished executing . returns the object removed .
Candidate: if we track is job were we were we were we were we were we were we were we were we were we were we were we were we were
Reference: returns the coefficient of variance .
Candidate: returns the variance of the variance . the variance of this point . the variance .
Reference: transfers node , if necessary , to sync queue after a cancelled wait . returns true if thread was cancelled before being signalled .
Candidate: transfers node , if necessary to sync queue after a cancelled wait . returns true if thread was cancelled before being signalled .
Reference: prints out a representation of the term .
Candidate: returns a string representation of this ' s property .
Reference: creates an instance , loads requirements file .
Candidate: loads a new instance from the load context .
Reference: this is called when the service is added for the first time and it will change the default install value of an attribute .
Candidate: checks whether the attribute attribute already contained in the attribute attribute . the attribute attribute .
Reference: convert a canonical java class name to dalvik flavor .
Candidate: turn a charset ' s " " charset " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
Reference: emit a method that ensures a collection is initialized .
Candidate: emit a method that ensures that a collection is initialized .
Reference: unregisters a client to be monitored .
Candidate: this will be used in this bean will be used in this listener . this will be used to debug .
Reference: this method handles double quotes .
Candidate: replaces all the resources that the one of the given string that can that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that the
Reference: allocate a new container of a given capacity
Candidate: given a list of the given container .
Reference: check if uri represents local resource
Candidate: check if uri represents local resource
Reference: check if mineshafter is present . if it is , we need to bypass it to send post requests
Candidate: check if mineshafter is present , we need to bypass it to send post requests
Reference: helper to synchronously wait until we can get a path for a given obb file
Candidate: opens a download file .
Reference: block consistency group is not a zone level resource
Candidate: a resource is not resource
Reference: protocol safety checks for the server returned message .
Candidate: parse an optional message without optional .
Reference: closes target and source databases
Candidate: handles the rows of the provided table .
Reference: calcola il md5 del messaggio , usando la crypto api .
Candidate: gets the contents of the array .
Reference: runs the job to scan the metastore for directory locations .
Candidate: utility method for each line line . quotations .
Reference: helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
Candidate: helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
Reference: deletes sub people containers in this people container .
Candidate: removes all unreferenced objects from this object .
Reference: test of findrecentmessageuidsinmailbox method , of class hbasemessagemapper .
Candidate: test of countmessagesinmailbox method , of class hbasemessagemapper .
Reference: queue an " event " to be run on the gl rendering thread .
Candidate: " an event to be run on the gl rendering thread .
Reference: return list of error messages found while parsing last template .
Candidate: called error message message .
Reference: ensure that the buffer has at least capacity to hold the target size
Candidate: ensure that the buffer has at least capacity to hold the target size .
Reference: performs the best effort of updating zk node { basepath } / { key } to the provided value . the semantics provided are as follows : the value is
Candidate: constructs a key encoder to the encoder encoder .
Reference: timingtarget implementation : calculate and set the current car position based on the animation fraction
Candidate: timingtarget implementation fraction .
Reference: process the source tree to the output result .
Candidate: process the input source tree .
Reference: processes a " query " using a user constructed solrqueryrequest , and closes the request at the end .
Candidate: processes the " http request " and a named request .
Reference: compare link attributes . return whether they are the same or not .
Candidate: writes the delta constant delta constant delta constant delta constant delta constant delta constant delta constant delta constant delta constant delta constant delta constant delta constant delta constant delta constant
Reference: generate a unique id - that is friendly for a url or file system
Candidate: identify identify identify identify the currently components in identify a tag .
Reference: removes the provider at the specified 1 - based position .
Candidate: removes the provider at the specified 1 - based position .
Reference: parses a ( non - top ) xml element .
Candidate: creates an identifier identifier .
Reference: instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
Candidate: instances should be constructed in standard programming .
Reference: formats a given monetary value in a default format ( 2 decimals , padded left to 10 characters ) .
Candidate: returns the amount of money based on two money time .
Reference: delete an instance of the entryclass , and remove the class from entryclasses if this is the last such instance .
Candidate: delete an instance of the entryclass , remove the instance of entryclasses if this instance is the last instance .
Reference: loads the settings and stores them in a properties map .
Candidate: loads a settings properties and stores them in the properties .
Reference: logs a warning message using the logger of this interpreter .
Candidate: debug method for testing fine using debug http debug / debug message .
Reference: reads an input stream into a single string result .
Candidate: reads the input stream into the input stream .
Reference: construct a vector with preset values .
Candidate: construct a vector vector vector .
Reference: remove a transaction service listener .
Candidate: remove a transaction service listener .
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Reference: pushes a new type onto the output frame stack .
Candidate: pushes a new type onto the output frame stack .
Reference: this methods sorts the vertices in level [ ] according to their barycenters in bc [ ] , using insertion sort . it , however , doesn ' t touch
Candidate: this method to the values from the specified array .
Reference: tests whether model classes can identified correctly as consistent .
Candidate: reads out and renders the marker information and the the marker and those and those and those and those and those and those and those and those and those and
Reference: look at the object received in a maphandler status message and connect to it if necessary .
Candidate: called when the image has been added beancontext .
Reference: removes all layers from the map
Candidate: removes a map to the map
Reference: returns the number of productions contained in this rule .
Candidate: returns the number of productions contained in this rule .
Reference: asynchronously create zookeeper path recursively and optimistically .
Candidate: asynchronously zookeeper and zookeeper zookeeper path
Reference: write this object to a stream .
Candidate: writes the specified persistence stream .
Reference: is net amount equal ?
Candidate: moves if the specified address
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table keyword
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table user_roles
Reference: creates an attribute which reads values from the field indicated using reflection .
Candidate: create a field object for a field object .
Reference: processes a log event
Candidate: adds a type of in the map of adding event .
Reference: remove listener from the list to receive notification when a provile is added or removed .
Candidate: unregisters a listener membership removed if a membership removed removed is removed removed removed removed removed removed removed removed removed removed removed removed removed removed removed removed removed removed removed
Reference: add an sms to the given uri with thread_id specified .
Candidate: adds a uri to via the database via the database via necessary .
Reference: present the final image on the screen / viewport .
Candidate: add the pending present present present present present present present present present present present present present present present present present present present present present present present present present present present
Reference: increment a calendar by one day .
Candidate: gets calendar the difference between the calendar item .
Reference: push the given angular variable to the target interpreter angular registry given a noteid and a paragraph id
Candidate: test method results to the list
Reference: removes from the given list the elements at the given indexes . ignores indexes which are out of bounds of list .
Candidate: removes all indexes from the list .
Reference: creates a new project tree component .
Candidate: creates new new image with the given graph .
Reference: determine if the expression is an object . ( a thing , not a person )
Candidate: checks if an object is an
Reference: use interpolator to get t
Candidate: use interpolator to get t
Reference: if enabled in the settings , requests / mods for one currently joined channel ( and only one ) , ignoring the ones it was already requested for .
Candidate: checks if the channel is already present in the current order .
Reference: build depreciation ( a_depreciation_exp ) entries . more exactly , is deleting not processed entries . and create new ones again . warning : is not modifying workfile ( this
Candidate: calculate the saved of
Reference: iterates over all values and returns true if one value matches .
Candidate: returns true if the given element is present .
Reference: updates the filename field to the new value .
Candidate: update the internal ( ) to the the file .
Reference: checks if another objects is available by attempting to read another byte from the stream .
Candidate: helper method to check to see if the input stream has been reached .
Reference: non - zero exit status when any violation messages have severity . error , controlled by - - max - severity
Candidate: generate random number with random number
Reference: remove the specified sensor from this sensor selection model .
Candidate: remove the specified from the selection sensor selection .
Reference: prints a way entity .
Candidate: output the input string to the output .
Reference: returns a string representation of the data row .
Candidate: returns a string representation of the data row .
Reference: walks up the tree until a root object is found .
Candidate: recursively the the level .
Reference: returns true if there ' s another proxy to try .
Candidate: returns true if there ' s try to another .
Reference: encapsulate logic for determining the case where no object ( neuron node , synpase node , etc ) was clicked on at the beginning of this drag sequence .
Candidate: returns true if we need to avoid training ?
Reference: this operation is not supported because sets are mutable .
Candidate: returns the hash code of this pictures .
Reference: map measurement to a defined measurement name , where the key is the measurement name and the value is the reqex the measurement should be mapped by .
Candidate: adds the key of all mappings from the specified pattern .
Reference: given the location of the ' middle snake ' , split the diff in two parts and recurse .
Candidate: given the location ' middle snake ' the diff , split the diff in the parts of recurse .
Reference: validate credit card number . - check card type and length
Candidate: validate credit - based on luhn formula .
Reference: extract the contents of a zipfile to a directory .
Candidate: runs the app directory in the app directory .
Reference: creates a new config within the config directory , using the filename provided .
Candidate: constructs a new filename with the specified filename .
Reference: creates new form gotolinedialog
Candidate: construct a player to an form to construct .
Reference: attempts to prepare the request for a retry . if there are no more attempts remaining in the request ' s retry policy , a timeout exception is thrown .
Candidate: attempts to prepare the request for a retry . if there are no more attempts remaining in the request ' s retry policy , a timeout exception is thrown .
Reference: sets up the y - axis labels . computes the desired number of labels between the two given extremes . unlike the paparexlabels ( ) method , this method needs
Candidate: computes the number of labels between two - axis extremes . unlike the paparexlabels ( ) method , this method needs
Reference: forges and sends the teardown request
Candidate: forges and sends the teardown request
Reference: if this is the first time calling this method , the buffer will be checked to make sure it starts with soi marker ( 0xffd8 ) . if the image
Candidate: this true if calling this buffer is checked to make the first time with soi marker ( 0xffd8 )
Reference: test deploying a simple ear .
Candidate: test deploying a simple war .
Reference: gets the current filled and readable length of the array .
Candidate: returns the size of the number of bytes .
Reference: equals method to be consistent with comparable
Candidate: indicates whether this attribute is attribute .
Reference: send a notification via the mwifimonitor when the wifi state changes .
Candidate: notifies the change of the the event to the candle to change to the change to the candle prior to the inner event .
Reference: checks whether the value exists in an arraylist of certain key .
Candidate: check if the given key is a boolean value .
Reference: removes the given listener from the list of diagram change listeners .
Candidate: unregistered a previously changed listener fired .
Reference: returns a connectivity grid object based on a hash value
Candidate: computes the value of the the given key . the given value .
Reference: removes any leading $ from the given string .
Candidate: removes a string from the given string .
Reference: clears the " hostcontext " system property
Candidate: clears the " hostcontext system " .
Reference: creates a new p norm
Candidate: creates a new frequency distribution .
Reference: addseparator routines are not used in peers . shared code invokes additem ( " - " ) for adding separators
Candidate: add a line to the preferences .
Reference: adds a chart viewer to the stage and displays it .
Candidate: updates the component for the chart to the component .
Reference: returns a buffer to the pool , throwing away old buffers if the pool would exceed its allotted size .
Candidate: returns a buffer to the pool , throwing away old buffers if the pool would exceed its allotted size .
Reference: accept a data point ( encapsulated in a chart event ) to plot
Candidate: update the value to
Reference: assumptions : ranges are disjoint , non - contiguous , and ordered . names of ranges are not necessarily preserved .
Candidate: make the profile of the .
Reference: support for getparentofnode ; walks a dom tree until it finds the element which owns the attr . this is hugely expensive , and if at all possible you should
Candidate: this will support for getparentofnode ; walks only walks the dom element is hugely expensive .
Reference: creates and starts a tailer for the given file .
Candidate: creates and starts a tailer for the given file .
Reference: is operating system mac os ?
Candidate: is operating system solaris ?
Reference: returns the number of items in the collection .
Candidate: returns the number of elements in this array .
Reference: creates new dviewasn1dump dialog where the parent is a dialog .
Candidate: creates new new dviewasn1dump dialog .
Reference: remove all spaces on right .
Candidate: replace all characters in the string .
Reference: add a message in the buffer
Candidate: add background tasks guaranteed to invoke the queue queue . < p > guaranteed to be overridden .
Reference: closes the current form and returns to the previous form , releasing the edt in the process
Candidate: called when the mapbean window within the mapbean .
Reference: returns the signed distance of this line from p_point . the result will be positive , if the line is on the left of p_point , else negative .
Candidate: this the result point to the result point . the result is present , the result will be negative left , else return the result .
Reference: expands the given number string as a real number .
Candidate: expands the given number to the given number of the given number .
Reference: ones - return a vector full of 1s .
Candidate: calculate the length from the given size .
Reference: submits a requests for a set of permissions for an activity .
Candidate: submits a requests for a set of permissions .
Reference: tell the user of an error , and probably throw an exception .
Candidate: tell the user of an error , and probably throw an exception .
Reference: setting a null property is the way maven2 operates when the user specifies an empty property . we need to verify that the cargo plugin intercepts that and replaces the
Candidate: compute the location for the remote location .
Reference: you are not supposed to instantiate this class .
Candidate: disconnects queued pending information so can be read been acked .
Reference: creates a new delete - xxx sub - command for a set relation .
Candidate: creates a new xxx for xxx instantiable relation .
Reference: the following two methods remove cycles from the graph .
Candidate: this method adds additional nodes to the predecessors . this method can be used to avoid logically graphs edge to build an xml element .
Reference: returns a string representation of the given matrix .
Candidate: returns a string representation of the given matrix .
Reference: given a ' from ' pattern ( ala xsl : number ) , a match pattern and a context , find the first ancestor that matches the pattern ( including
Candidate: given a pattern ' s ( ala xsl : find a number of a match pattern ,
Reference: try to clean up as much as possible from a shell that ' s gotten itself wedged . hopefully the streamgobblers will croak on their own when the other side
Candidate: clears all the threads in the running threads .
Reference: this is a facade method for the encoding operation . < p > this method encodes the remaining character sequence of the given character buffer into a new byte buffer
Candidate: this method encodes facade method on the character buffer to the buffer of the buffer buffer . < p / > this method may be used for the character sequence
Reference: creates a metrics object with the dimensions map immutable
Candidate: creates map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map
Reference: resolveclass is extended to acquire ( if present ) the location from which to load the specified class . it will find , load , and return the class .
Candidate: it the a a a if it is
Reference: instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
Candidate: instances should be constructed in standard programming .
Reference: checks whether a respawn point is within this area .
Candidate: is to keep floating point to the screen shape .
Reference: inserts a byte array
Candidate: inserts a array of the data .
Reference: checks if is use anti alias .
Candidate: indicates whether the forms is able to be able to get the tiles in the .
Reference: below method will be used to fill the level cache
Candidate: this method will be called in the table in the current file .
Reference: helper to validate the contents of a " long " file on our obbs the format of the files are sequential 0 ' s of type long
Candidate: load an instance of an int file .
Reference: saving method . ( see nbt_tag )
Candidate: see the main nbt_tag )
Reference: makes a masked value of a value
Candidate: get the value value based on the given = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
Reference: computes the duration by subtracting start to the current time in milliseconds
Candidate: updates the previous timer .
Reference: size + value1 type id + value length + value1 binary content + . . . 4b 4b 4b value1 bytes
Candidate: parse out a byte [ ] + value1 data .
Reference: checks to see if the file is in nitf or not , and then puts the file pointer in the right place to start reading the header for the file
Candidate: return the length of the start of the form of the form , and return the end of the .
Reference: convenience method that takes a screenshot of the device and returns a bufferedimage for further processing .
Candidate: get the image on the file .
Reference: find and connect widgets centered over other widgets
Candidate: defines a text of the text
c_bleu: 0.23019182868477867
s_bleu: 0.22767661855353746
meteor: 0.36458059342774213